Color
==========



Sharing a foetus in the womb blueprint process in which the previous I AM, if it were a 2 colour experiencing being, determining if it wants to elevate to a 3,4,5 colour being will then go to the astral city soul family related to them in the NORTHPOLE (past) Aurora Borealis and spend time there charting a course of what types of soul families it wants to work with before it transits to the SOUTHPOLE (future) signalling to earth mother that it wants to enter the EARTH incarnation grid. There is where it will spend a frequency what is called blue road time, in which it comes into the foetus state, and waits for a moment when an egg or sperm or seed, which has its own technology, it will choose the right astral process for that, to become a being.
When it becomes a sperm based being, the mother and father create the portal of the lineage, and the being that is in the blueroad astral time, becomes the first spark and that nine month process is where the former 2 or 3 colour being learns to experience the 7 colour time as humans through their father and mother. That is the first imprint upon the foetus in the womb process. This is why it is so vital as practitioners of your own healing that you return to the foetus in the womb state and once again get communal access to the growth of the blueprint in case you go off blueprint whatever experiences are coming up.
Upon birth the foetus forgets everything that happened in the astral worlds, north and south pole – who has access to the earth mother incarnation grid, to plan with the tens of thousands of beings and spiritual contracts moving forward to create true and false synchronicities, temporarily synchronicities that put you on multiple frequencies or timelines because this is a 100 % free willed universe. Free for all, where the domination and control exists and we learn to plan big and long. We are now at the point of evolution of this particular world where the previous systems of control, the apparatus of domination and control, can no longer predict what that previous 2 colour time being was going to do in its infinite state of prediction and blueprint as it was born. The system gets to read your spiritual contracts that you are making with everyone else and makes a prediction of how effective you are going to be at it and it is going to put things in your way called karmas.
