Hologram
Our reality here on earth is a hologram. A hologram is defined as follows by Merriam Webster's Online Dictionary:
a three-dimensional image reproduced from a pattern of interference produced by a split coherent beam of radiation (such as a laser) also : the pattern of interference itself
It's a bit wordy, but dictionaries have to be that way. Their our language base along with grammar. We get the nouns right then apply actions in time. This book was written in English. The English language has twelve verb tenses, twelve expressions of time in which an action, the verb in the grammar model, can be applied to an object, the object in the grammar model, by a subject, the subject in the grammar model.
The twelve verb tenses are: present simple, present continuous, present perfect, present perfect continuous, past simple, past continuous, past perfect, past perfect continuous, future simple, future perfect, future continuous, future perfect continuous. Most people do not know the verb tenses by name, yet they use them on a daily basis. Grammar is a map of time.
Space-time is an infinite set of co-ordinates atop existence. Existence itself goes beyond time. We can therefore say that time is a temporary condition. A bit ironic, but we understand that time is only the measurement of things that come and go in the hologram of the earth. A hologram as defined by this manuscript is a three dimensional sound and light projection. Everything around us is part of the hologram — the street on which we live, our mother and father, our pets, everything.
The holographic reality has been explored extensively by other researchers and writers, most notably in The Holographic Universe: The Revolutionary Theory of Reality by Michael Talbot. It's an excellent read. The pullout quote from The New York Times review sums it up perfectly.
In The Holographic Universe, Michael Talbot argues nothing less than that the universe is itself one giant hologram. Mr. Talbot thus explains out-of-body experiences, quantum-theory problems, the paranormal, and other unsolved riddles of brain and body.
The concept of a hologram is daunting for people. It strikes at the very concept of reality. If this is a hologram then what's real? The answer is a paradox. Our reality is simultaneously real and unreal. It depends on us. It's not surprising the hologram is trending now as a social concept. It's everywhere. Talbot seems to be at the forefront of it. His tome was published in 1991. By the end of the nineties it was everywhere. We call it the matrix now, thanks to a couple brothers, the Wachowskis, who are now sisters, the result of gender reassignment, which they both elected to undergo.
The Wachowskis wrote and directed The Matrix, the phenomenally successful 1997 film, starring Keanu Reeves. Talbot may be the first secular source to address the topic of a projected reality, but the Wachowskis have owned it since their cinematic trilogy. The Wachowskis inspired an entire sub-genre of scientific and conspiratorial inquiry, with everyone wondering — do we really live in a matrix? Merriam Webster defines matrix in multiple ways, due to the various ways in which the word is used and the various fields of science that employ it, but the primary definition is as follows.
something within or from which something else originates, develops, or takes form
The idea that our earthbound reality is a matrix has been around for millennia. A synonym is Maya from the Buddhist and Hindu teachings. The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language defines it as follows.
In Hinduism, Buddhism, and certain other East Asian religions, the transitory, manifold appearance of the sensible world, which obscures the undifferentiated spiritual reality from which it originates; the illusory appearance of the sensible world. The power of a god or demon to transform a concept into an element of the sensible world. In Hindu mythology: Illusion or deceptive appearance.
When the Buddhists and the Hindus use the word Maya they mean illusion. The world we perceive through our senses is a complete and total illusion. It doesn't make sense, though, does it? We eat and the food is real, tangible, tactile, and flavored. We don't drive an imaginary car to the hardware store. Try telling your creditors you've deemed your mortgage payments an illusion. See how long your retain your home. We are confronted with the real and the unreal at the same time. It's a paradox, which is something that is both real and unreal at the same time, a cohesive contradiction.
It's important then that we be clear in our text what is meant by hologram. It's the assertion of this text that reality is a projection from another dimension or dimensions. The projection from the other dimensions produces the relatively consistent rule set which provides the appearance of a reality, but it's paper thin. The rule set is broken all the time, but nobody is broadcasting it, so we don't hear about it. The rule set is broken in scientific communities, mystical communities, magical communities, native communities, and many more. What happens when we break the rule set? Like the ring keeper in Tolkien's Lord of the Rings, we keep it secret, we keep it safe. Those we tell are spoken to in whisper, as if evidence of our own uncertainty, a footnote to our grappling with the paradox.
Most mystery schools, secret societies, brotherhoods, magical and ritual communities exist in some version of this secret. Why? Do they not want to let the world know? It's a combination of factors, but, chief among them, is the understanding that without the ability to take the person you're telling the secret to out of the rule set as well, they are not going to believe it. This is the hologram we live within, a breakable rule set enforced as absolute by those who have not broken the rule set.
Sound and Light
The chief characteristic of our hologram is sound and light. Light is a boundary for time in our world. When we look up at the stars we see the past in the present. The image of the star is dated by the time it took for the light to reach our eyes. Some stars we see in their distant past, but, for us, it's the present. We look up and there it is. Never once do we consider we are seeing the past, but we are.
It's important to understand the lesson of the visiting starlight. It's important because it breaks the rule set. The rule set says that only the present moment is real. The past is memory and the future is speculation, both of which take place in our thoughts, in our heads, ergo, not a part of the object reality. The starlight we see in the present is from the past.
The physical light we see, both from the stars and our own sun, follows the rule set of this three dimensional reality. It cannot exceed the allotted speed of light, which is 299,792 kilometers per second, or, 186,282 miles per second. It's pretty fast. At that speed we could circumscribe the earth seven and a half times in one second.
There are so many creation stories. The garden of Eden and the rather horrid unfolding of Genesis, the incredible tales of the turtle universe from the Iroquois Confederacy in Canada, or the novel, post-modern school room of soul narrative the new age favors. They're all versions of the same story. One of the more recent — only five hundred years ago — is the Anurag Sagar, which translates to The Ocean of Love — orated by an illiterate weaver named Kabir Sahib, a satguru, which means true teacher, of his time. He ups the game big time. He introduces a creation story where God willed everything into existence with sixteen shabdas — sound currents — that animate all the dimensions and sub-dimensions that weave reality together. It's an incredibly precise addition to creation mythologies, and certainly the forebearer of all notions of at least a great many of our dimensions being simulations of sorts. The sound can be heard and the light can be seen in meditation. Kabir was the first to explicitly speak about it in a religious text, however, it's been part of the secret teachings of many contemplative spiritual paths, reserved for the true devotees. It's a phenomena based spiritual teaching. It separates itself immediately from all others and becomes the first scientific exploration of consciousness, with the sound and light acting as a tow line to draw the contemplative closer to source.
What has evolved in popular culture is an impotent hologram, a matrix created by a diabolical force, a mechanistic force. This is the Free Masonic version of the absent god, the universe run by automation. Nothing could be further from the truth. Everything in existence is touched by the prime creator. It's here we flip the narrative. Yes it is a hologram. Yes it is contained in sound and light frequencies apprehendable by the body, the DNA skinsuit — which is all it really is — but that sound and light is generated by the prime creator. It has a unique color and sound on each dimension. It is, in fact, a divine hologram. The sixteen shabdas originate from a place that itself has no sound, but is not silent, and no light, but is not dark, the final riddle from the illiterate weaver, Kabir Sahib.
It's a hologram because it is light projected into a three dimensional manifestation. It's divine because the light comes from the prime creator, God. When we use the word hologram we are the victim of something. Nothing could be further from the truth, unless we can victimize ourselves, which we can and we do, because drama needs tension, and tension is stress, and volunteering for stress by manufactured tension is masochistic. By calling it a hologram, we make an object of our reality, something acting against us, a god, a devil, an angel, a demon, anything but ourselves. This is why we objectify our reality. This is why we call it a simulation, a matrix, a hologram. It's a lack of consciousness, a failure to attribute the divine to the light, and a stone deaf ear to the word, which is the sound which is the light, sustaining all the worlds in this sound and light manifestation. It's funny, because when you clue into it; it's everywhere.
She should have died hereafter.
There would have been a time for such a word.
Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow
Creeps in this petty pace from day to day
To the last syllable of recorded time.
And all our yesterdays have lighted fools
The way to dusty death. Out, out, brief candle.
Life’s but a walking shadow, a poor player
That struts and frets his hour upon the stage,
And then is heard no more. It is a tale
Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury,
Signifying nothing.

Macbeth
William Shakespeare
Why would the end of time be marked and measured by syllables? Because it's all sound, and light is a form of sound. This is, of course, why we have so much tonal prayer and trance, whether it be Sufi dervishes spinning to an intoxicating Arabic song-like prayer, heavy on chanting, the persistence of mantra in yoga and meditation, long vowel sounds drawn out on the breath, or the deep throat singing of the Mongols, which, they say, allows them to speak to their ancestors, and Gregorian chanting in the Christian tradition. It's all about the sounds.
Global Narrative
The global narrative is the agreed upon reality. Some spiritual paths call it social consciousness. Human beings have a tremendous need for social interaction. We are social beings. We have families, communities, nations, religions, and a host of other binding agents. We go from one to many, and when we do our thinking changes. We conform, do we not? Think of high school. Remember how important every detail of our appearance was. Remember how easy it was for predatory companies to market against that fear of being outside, to sell us denim pants, but not just any denim. They had to be the exact style that was in fashion, and so it went for everything — hair, teeth, shoes, and friends. All of our worth was in the group. There are sub-narratives for race, gender, earning income, and just about anything else we can think of. The need to belong never goes away.
There is a deeper meaning to global narrative, to social consciousness, a far more sinister meaning. The global narrative is the boundary of what we can accept as reality. This is maintained by religious leaders, science, government, medicine, academe, and just about anything else that is institutional. This is the true control narrative. When someone comes along and they speak outside this global narrative they get censured at first. If that doesn't work they lose their job. If what they're saying is self-supporting, meaning it can provide the income lost upon job termination, then the discordant human being is at risk of death or extreme censure like incarceration.
Galileo is a classic example. He presented his astronomy to the world. It contradicted the Vatican, even at a time when Copernicus was openly discussed, and, contrary to contemporary belief, the Catholic Church had commenced a vigorous support campaign for science some years earlier, but, nonetheless, something about Galileo conflicted much more severely with the church. Perhaps it was just the time, the age. The church had reached its peak of corruption at the time of Galileo.
The point here is that the global narrative, the control narrative, is maintained by the dominant institutions of the day. These institutions did not evolve naturally. There are unknown directors and producers crafting the actors in the institutions. This is not to say there are not people in the institutions who are true believers. There are, however, at the top there is commiseration with the unknown directors and producers. It was true at the time of Galileo, and it is true today.
The contemporary global narrative began three hundred years ago, at the dawn of industrialization. It occurred when electricity and engines were incorporated by a society not grounded in electricity. Science had to adapt concepts to fit the circumstance, and religion and spirituality had to adapt to the new reality. Electromagnetism had been known about for some time within hermetic orders of alchemists, essentially secret societies of their time. It was the beginning of a society that would build around internal combustion engines started by electricity. This moved to power plants, electrical grid work across the planet, and the reorganization of the various belief systems around this. It was a rapid change after centuries of relative consistency, and it's been this way ever since, rapid change. On the consciousness level we went from semi-literacy in the multidimensional reality to a closed rational objectivity. The new norm was if you can't prove it then it's not real. In some ways this was good. It cleaned out a lot of stale spirituality and superstition, but it was a classic baby with the bathwater situation. Premodern societies, which included the recently discovered new world of America and its native population. The native population was slated for destruction. The actors in Europe, the Pope, the monarchies, and some of the secret societies knew the native population was in America. They were a bad example of autonomy and freedom that had to be destroyed. The long term plan had already been formed.
They needed to get people into cities as slave labor for industrial production lines. The slaves created and empowered the collective belief system. People lived in their own bubbles of reality prior to this urban amalgamation. They had space. Communities lived a few hundred kilometers apart. They had their own unique narratives maintained by the chief, sheriff, or community council. Secret societies proliferated so people could have their own narrative among followers and believers. The writers of the global narrative understood they needed to inspire awe, and they knew they could do it with trains, automobiles, electricity, indoor plumbing, hot and cold water, refrigeration, and telephones. By the nineteen twenties people were living in wooden, stone, or brick houses that needed heating. In a century and a quarter electricity was in homes. People no longer needed whale fat for candles and oil. Understand how monumental this was — ninety percent of the world was lit by whale fat for millennia. The narrative had to be updated, revised, and maintained from one generation to the next to suppress anything that wasn’t fitting into the official story. This touches almost every science, but, by way of example, let's use anthropology and the hiding of giant’s skulls and bones. Yes, giants were on the earth. The enforcement of the lies has been an ongoing control policy right up till today. We have been led to this bottleneck, this opportunity.
Story
We live in a reality defined by experience. We tell stories. They have a beginning, a middle, and an end. We chronicle our stories. The first person who ever took pen to paper did so in fear, and this is why human beings are enmeshed in stories. We love the drama. We love to create it, and we love to consume it. Drama is tension. Human beings say they want peace, but it's kind of a scam when you're honest. If we wanted peace we wouldn't create tension in our lives, but without the tension we can't live the drama. It's best just to be honest. If you lie about it you're more susceptible to programming, which proliferates the world, hundreds of broadcast networks and movie studios all over the world — Hollywood, Bollywood, Hong Kong, Shanghai, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, British Broadcasting Corporation, and too many more to list — all servicing humanity's insatiable appetite for programming, which is drama for the most part, which, as we have clearly established, is tension. Yet, if you walk up to any human being and ask them if they prefer peace to tension they will tell you they prefer peace. Isn't that strange?
It really isn't that strange when you understand what's going on down here. On the spiral ladder of our deoxyribonucleic acid — DNA by its affectionate abbreviation — we hold an evolving marker of our place in time-space which also represents our level of consciousness. This marker is the sum of our experience — where experience is movement in time-space, and the drama, the tension, we create — and represents but a faction of our greater soul, and the experiences we have assimilated as a soul faction.
This marker is directly aligned with our level of responsibility because our level of consciousness is always equal to our level of responsibility. They are in a symbiotic relationship, consciousness and responsibility. DNA is in essence coordinates to where we fit in space-time, or, to stay with our narrative, how we've been written into the story. Our circumstance is our DNA, which is our story, which is our tension, which is our drama, which we wrote and act out ourselves, forgetting the author sleeps in our unconscious.
We have the story, creation, and we have the author, God and soul as a fractal of God, or the prime creator, as God is so anthropomorphically programmed into human consciousness as a being like us — two arms and legs, two eyes and ears, bipedal, and fond of long white beards — and we have the actor, soul as well, incarnate — sheathed really — in this body, borrowed from air, earth, water, fire, and ether.
The travail of the soul is to unlock levels of consciousness. It is a travail because we must suffer for it. New consciousness permits us to embody new experiences, to write, direct, and star in a more expanded story.
We are not actuality creating anything in time. We are traversing it and enjoining an experience with it. We are seedlings in a cosmic garden, passing through experiences expressed in a specific form of life, and then, when sentience is achieved alongside language and culture, we go through any number of human expressions until we master the tool, the hu man form, a rather extraordinary instrument, as maligned as it has become in the First World, the newer, better hu man that seems just around the corner, the trans hu man, the super man made from man, Nietzsche's bastard let loose upon the world — nonetheless, a rather extraordinary instrument, the hu man form. We are inside a sound and light reality, one of many, and we traverse and enjoin experience with it, unaware we're inside it, until, by epiphany, the nature of the system reveals itself in form. The story was written before we lived it, even though it seemed like it was really happening for the longest of times. We are living the mapped out keys of the experiences. Every choice, path, and set of functions, every different type of life has been made available to us so we can embody the experience, mapped like a script, written into what we perceive to be a timeline, a bloodline, a clan, a tribe, a culture, a people, a place, a planet — stories within stories, managed by cosmic editors and keepers of time, all under a prime creator, an amorphous but fully conscious presence in everything we call life, unconditionally offering the experiences as an expression of its love. You believe as much already if you follow a prophetic religion. The prophets tell of a a story already written.
Do not diminish our position as a living and sentient being. You are creating within this world. Our free will choices unfold the story. As the story unfolds, you receive the blessings of the particular experience. Never feel overwhelmed or helpless. We are truly connected to the outcome of our unique choices. As we get further into this journey, we realize we're time traveling beings by nature. In no way is this experience linear. We are responsible for our creations forwards and backwards in time, and we can make alterations as we see fit — when our consciousness is so unfolded — by connecting to past and future versions of ourselves.
Eternity is in the present moment, mediated through attention and awareness, by perception and perspective, until we leave the celestial sphere, then, a new swath of perception opens. The outer frequency of this hologram unfolds into more and bigger holograms. This goes all the way up the scale of our awareness. Our perception allows us a greater, 360 ° view. Suddenly perspective has no direction, no horizon, no fade to black. It's everywhere, operating at a higher law of nature, but natural nonetheless. We are unentangled.
Free Will
We can understand the importance of individual awakening in this time of collective narrative dominance. The individual needs to dismantle the global narrative. This is underway in great measure now. This is why the collective is fracturing, polarized to radically disparate camps, each with belief systems that leave only insanity as the explanation for the other side. The desire to change the global narrative is the last part of the zealot rebel within us who wants to shake everyone awake, even, unfortunately for the zealots, the ones who aren't ready. We can't force people to have an experience for which they're not ready. This is an individual awakening journey, one at a time, in the time the individual needs. Forcing it violates the free will contract.
We are photonic light beings animated by a non-localized soul which powers the body. We have consciousness in the body which perceives this holographic reality in light and memories within shared reality rules. We are free willed, encoded beings of light, functioning in many different worlds simultaneously. Everything is synchronistic with the celestial minds holding space for us. This I am being manifested in this density is mutually co-creating with our higher self, and we are the boots on the ground in a localized space time event. Our memories are stored in light, and we share those memories within this hologram of light and sovereign space of power. The heart is the first organ that develops in the mother’s womb, and it is from this heart space we learn to redefine our reality rules.
We can freely change the plans we had pre-birth. Everything is based off the perspective of the observer. Ten years ago, the esoteric side in the global narrative tried to predict our future based on the data they'd collected on us. A decade later and they can barely predict ten to fifteen days ahead. Governments are more transparent now. A veil has been lifted. They are not incompetent. They are not well intentioned but poor at execution. They are vile, diametrically opposite their projected personas. How did we miss that? As a free willed being of choice we can change the bubble of reality we live in. We can now start seeing the duality we had tacitly consented to before. This is not a global awakening. It's an individual journey to exit the heavily militarized factions that beleaguer our knowingness and hinder our birth right of being a free willed celestial beings. The future rests in people who get back to a natural way of living. Stop waiting for them to give us something. We can walk away from the cities any time. It just takes the courage to live sovereign.
Consciousness expresses itself through the many choices we make. It has an unconscious state too. Our bodies have zeros and ones created as binary numbers for knowing and not knowing — instinct. It stays in place until we can decode the information around us. Consciousness is self-regulating. It presents choice equal to the level of responsibility, which is a measure of the consciousness, as awareness and responsibility are in a symbiotic relationship, each nurturing and growing the other. We live stories we choose to consecrate life and its purpose, growth of consciousness. Many people try to jump ahead and be responsible for things they're not even aware of yet. This is a mistake. Make the decisions that are yours to make for the expansion of your awareness. Choice is foundational to consciousness.
Each person must ask themselves what the mechanics are behind their choices. Which choices created a timeline of choices. Each choice and sub-choice within a set of choice points creates a subconscious map of adherence of choices which helps define our reality. This reality is all of our choice points combined into the ever present now.
We give form to consciousness — words, metaphors, concepts, images, architecture — which eventually manifests in reality. Our thought constructs create perceptions which assist people to see all potentials. The universe has lifeforms existing in one and two dimensions and densities which are harvested by wisdom, love, and inspiration. They are expressed in this three dimensional reality for experience in the fourth dimension and beyond. We continuously expand and add to the divine hologram through free willed creation. This is our co-creator role. Every era of light we go through advances souls to other universes and solar systems when they graduate. We move from one divine hologram to another, each with a different learning level. This has been perfected on planet earth, which is a genetic farm outside of the divine intent, a genetic farm created for commercial not creational purposes. Earth is a seventy-five percent old soul community, with a steady influx of twenty-five percent of new souls. The ratio has been in existence for an extremely long period of time. There are always new souls coming in from the different galactic life form nurseries. They get a light body, and they extend their first set of contracts to a planet and a solar system, which determines the field of consciousness at which they start. Do they start in the sea of consciousness or the ocean of awareness.
What would be the first life experience — living in a tunnel in South America circa two million years ago, praying to a false god. This process is being replicated on millions of worlds for millions of different life forms. This is the nature of consciousness. With evolution come questions — rights, duties, responsibilities — to focus our intention on direct manifestations, to add to the holographic experiences. Right now there are different levels of background consciousness around us — the house you live in has its own relative consciousness from the building material, the wood, the concrete, the people that invested their consciousness in building it, the trees that surround it, the piece of land you're on, the micro-organisms, squirrels, cats, and dogs — all of which has a conscious energy field with its specific spiritual contracts, guides, and guardians. It's all an apparatus to allow ascension and descension through the different individual layers of the divine hologram. This animated matter we are entangling with is part of the fabric of the hologram, linked and dynamically transformed through the interaction between humans and microorganisms.
Consciousness is intrinsically spiritual. Part of spirituality is to acknowledge and become aware of other consciousness surrounding, interacting, and sharing with us. You can be alone in the house and still have that experience of consciousness sharing and entangling. You're never truly alone. DNA can be its own evolutionary impulse which influences consciousness when experiencing stagnation. A master waveform operates at a much longer length of time. Within that waveform are all the individual sub-carriers — entangled observers — of that era, that light, that time. The celestial mind is operating on a much longer and expansive view of time and timelessness.
Entangled
As we move past a subject, part of our brain continues to color in the past event, as if it were a live memory, until we completely disentangle from the subject. We do it all the time, so much we don't even notice we're doing it. We go to a party. We have a good time. We synchronize with the moment. Upon leaving, the energy of the party persists in us with a kind of half-life — still thinking and feeling the fun we had at the party and coloring the memory until our consciousness disentangles from the energetic imprint.
We want to stay with high frequency experiences, but we get disconnected — how and why? Sleep can disconnect us. An argument with a significant other can alter our frequency, but, even a few hours after the argument, it was still a fun party. Think of a kite and the wind that suddenly reconnects to the energy. Having a jarring accident could put a sudden end to a high frequency. Then, the next month’s party at the same place has us coloring the experience before we even get there. We send our precognitive workforce there to experience it prior to the actual event.
Our state of perception influences us. When we think back on the party we are in the implicate, enfolded order, as opposed to being at the party, where we are in the explicate, unfolded order. The state of perception — implicate or explicate — determines how we perceive the physics of the environment. The physics of the environment, as well as the observer’s perception, changes as the observer moves between explicate to implicate order. The state of perception equals perspective. The perspective of the explicate order — when we are at the party — is different than the perspective of the implicate, the memory. No matter if we are spiritual, atheistic, or anything else, it's all quantum mechanics expressed in different words.
The entangled observer uses a deeper information process, while, with the unentangled observer, the information is in full flow, and there is no need to process it — it's already in their knowing. When we have infinite love co-creating with us, we must truly choose to be the disentangled observer. Go into your heart space. Create that vision in your mind and engage with the sacred, neutral observer, knowing information cannot change us unless we agree to it. Based on how the I am now is understood and processed, it will either expand or contract your knowing. By making that sovereign choice to be the disentangled observer of the self means we get the fullest versions of ourselves in the here and now. You are the apex of your own hierarchical order. Say that in your mental heart space.
I am the apex of my own hierarchical order, and no other hierarchical system has control and domination within me.
The entangled observer, going through the process of perception and perspective, is refining the thought structures. Every time we have an aha moment we go from implicate to explicate. You can be an implicate unentangled observer and be in the explicate observation simultaneously, but entanglement is a deeper choice to enter into it.
In this reality there are no real truths and facts because every time we go from implicate to explicate and back the memory has changed. This is what shatters space-time as the foundation of everything and creates plasticity of reality. Consciousness does not adhere to space-time per the rules of Newtonian physics. Why would it? Consciousness is not of matter, but it can exist within and experience matter. Thoughts and memories, even as part of the implicate and explicate order, are a chemical frequency in nature. There comes a point in light frequencies where we bypass the chemical frequency in nature, and we operate in a higher dimension where space and time are no longer relevant. Space-time is dependent on how the implicate and explicate order goes to chemical and light memory storage long term. This is when the DNA instrument of experience can have a 360 ° view of itself. Spiritual contracts can become part of the implicate and explicate order. This creates the time stamp on the linear side of the life form, or, the DNA instrument of experience. It also creates the adherence to the global narrative. The past, present, and future are irrelevant based off perception, but it is perception that gives it relevancy in the moment when the chemical memory becomes a light memory or in the case of high frequency, when we bypass chemical memories to create an experience. The status of entanglement determines the outcome. Quantum physics works on the premise that everything is entangled. It places all significance on the observer without looking at the observer status of entanglement.
Pre and Post Cognitive Workforces
Several seconds before we consciously make a decision its outcome can be predicted from unconscious activity in the brain. The conscious energy field is connected to our precognitive workforce, which is part of our implicate and explicate order. When we consciously entangle with that workforce, those few seconds become infinite. One second in the quantum world is infinite, yet you have several seconds in the physical world to allow the precognitive workforce, that has an educated and practiced intention behind it, to align natural synchronicities and pattern recognition to create a much more solidified effect in the entangled and unentangled processes. The I am precognitive workforce is a term covering all versions of yourself simultaneously existing in time and non-time and that have earned, learned, and re-learned the rights of awareness. As a spiritually aware and natural co-creative evolutionary being, existing in all time-space equations and beyond, we are assisted by a masterful pre and post cognitive workforce, as our birthright and legacy.
In the case of dementia, old age for example, where the earliest memories become the most lucid and immediate, and short-term memory becomes more difficult, there's a breakdown of chemical memory association in the file tree. This is where the skull cap — the top of the crown — tells the spirit where all the files are stored inside the body. The chemical memories are corrupting the file tree because the brain itself has broken down through lesions. Cellular pathways don’t have energy to support the brain. There is a breakdown in the genetic journey and part of the life and death contract. Significant distorted memory just before death triggers a markedly different form of life review. Reverting back to younger versions of the self is a co-existence in time through bilocation. It skews the light memories. The light body doesn’t identify to a single point of time anymore. This is the corruption of the chemical memory, the time stamping. This disease can be contracted by the fetus in the womb or by DNA design and plan. There are certain DNA skinsuits with a prevalent experience in them. The fetus knows that before it goes into the DNA form for the experience. There is much we can do to prevent this, but we don’t have the proper gut gnome from a very young age to support brain health. Then there is the mental, spiritual, physical drama and trauma that attacks the brain even more. The life journey can be cut radically short by the manipulation that was done to the DNA about 35,000 years ago when the brainstem was manipulated. The motor cortex functions were assigned an earlier ending date than the actual extended life process. Many of us could live two to three hundred years if we had proper trauma resolution so as not to burn out the neurological pathways. Optimal gut health is a remedy to avoid the plaque build up which causes dementia. It is all about the volume of individuals who are part of the ocean of awareness choosing to experience a law as a fundamental value of experience from one era of light to the next. Unentangled observers do not have to abide by universal laws. That is the whole point of entering that state of neutral observation.
Universal laws come down to egg and sperm technology or other birthing processes that generate lineages differently. The birthing technologies determine how the universal laws are used, and every birthing technology has different quantum laws. The sperm, seed, egg technology allows access to the infinite blueprint or the planning stage. Sexuality and prayer are built into our DNA. Our DNA is in sympathetic creation with the natural order here. This reality gives us coherent resonance with geometric holograms of information to decode, process, and use to our advantage. The journey into the greater awareness is understanding how to use our energy as a conscious being of choice. We start in this bliss state where the infinite code is in the celestial mediumship. The celestial medium steps down into the fetus and goes through the laws of forgetting so it doesn’t have access to its infinite sight. It then is a part of this hologram as a non-infinite being who is on the journey to celestial mediumship again. We are forever trying to get back to that place of bliss and joy. All the teachings since the dawn of spirituality have a bliss teaching. It is our our birthright. Inside the fetus in the womb state is the non-locality teaching. We are both locality and non-locality. What makes us different from the fetus are the memories we have stored in light. Our blueprint as a fetus has the infinite set of memories and potentials we've created. The incarnational process allows us to experience all forms of life on the planet. We go through all the forms of life. This is the mastery path in its purest form. The I am data unpacks and decodes itself through its eras of incarnation. We add the chemical memories to enforce linear time so spiritual contracts can come to fruition.
There are beings who no longer use any form of birthing technology — pure unentangled quantum observers. They can use any seed and egg technology to generate different forms of I am technology. This is how the fifteen multidimensional beings were abusing the universal laws. They knew they could splinter themselves into thousands of I am experiences and remain unentangled observers by various degrees of separation. They were wholly unentangled and conscious energy beings using the laws of incarnation through technology. In the ancient past cloning technology was easy to use. They could incarnate into a dog, a rabbit, a cat, anything, really, and remain the unentangled observer. The DNA instrument determines the richness of the experience for the unentangled observer.
Transmigration is the spiritual term for leaving the human form for a lower form in the incarnational pattern. It's usually presented as a punishment or admonishment to better behavior, but, after performing war contracts in an incarnation, a cat incarnation disconnects the being from the implicate order of repetitive karma and allows it to have other lifetimes of incarnation separate of the karma created in the war. By leaving the implicate and explicate order and becoming a completely unentangled observer in the natural food chain — a separate karmic interaction — beings of the past created karmic debt that was put onto lineages. The debt was no longer connected to the being but to their lineage. That’s how lineage based debt was created. It's an insight into the sins of the father being upon the sons doctrine in the Abrahamic scriptures. There are beings who used the unentangled observer technology to escape karma. They escaped their karmic responsibility by leaving karma's chain of custody and scapegoating their own future generations.
In the ocean of awareness — the living algorithm of life — all data is conscious. We become the living algorithm of life when we are in a DNA skinsuit that is regularly achieving near super or superluminal thinking. The algorithm is a fundamental part of the I AM technology unfolding as you grow older and become more experienced running the DNA skinsuit at its higher functionalities. When you act as the living algorithm of life within superluminal thinking, you create a signature frequency where others can palpably sense the meaning of your delivery. Being fixed and not fixed in time. In this refined state of being, we enter the energy frequency that is the living algorithm of life. We stay grounded in the body and explain things in the twenty-six letter encoded English alphabet. We all do it. Most won’t realize when they do it. Often clarity comes in dream space because the mind is out of the way. The celestial medium of peace is functioning in many scores of dreamworlds, with many of the pre and post cognitive workforces creating the language of masterful manifestations through visions. The data, as part of the wave form, works as the precognitive workforce to manipulate how it will be perceived at its endpoint in space-time. The ocean of awareness is the technical source point for the flow of data that may or may not generate into the sea of consciousness, an observable time-space reality. It allows the data to flow to the sea of consciousness in a fixed time-space narrative which then allows consciousness to observe it. Consciousness in the sea of consciousness can both be entangled and unentangled, manifested and non-manifested in time. In the sea of consciousness, quantum physics becomes confusing. We are still in the ocean of awareness. Part of us might still consciously entangle with the ocean of awareness as a greater observer as space-time narrative. This is how the angelic forces work. If we go back thousands of eras of light, when the universe was not as big as it is now, with perhaps 200 galaxies in it, the ocean of awareness was a very small network. In order to know itself through a sea of consciousness, it generated a seventh dimensional galactic seed planet — earth — a place where the ocean of awareness could directly manifest, change, and adjust the laws of quantum physics through entangled and unentangled observers. It created matter based lifeforms on mass scales to populate new galaxies, part of the greater exploration of where light can go into the void of experiences. Lifeforms went to the ocean of awareness to find meaning and to create agendas in the sea of consciousness. Source can be observed as a hologram through the egg and sperm creation. All of the information is already there to form new parts of the hologram through new life experience.
Data is a finished algorithm. An ongoing algorithm is the conscious processing power CPU of the chemical memory being made into light memory. In the journey of becoming a solidified chemical and light memory it becomes data. The observer ends the journey of processing the perception and turns it into a perspective before it moves on to the next subject matter. We know 1+1=2, but when you're a little kid trying to figure out math the brain slows down. Once you have the answer that ends the process. Having an affirmative answer it then becomes a solidified DNA memory in light — transcendence — accessible through knowingness, easily accessible to your awareness during pattern recognition. There are times where the information is at the tip of your tongue but you can’t get it until the time you stop thinking about it. The pattern recognition can trigger the memory from before.
Technology
There is a lot of past technology resurfacing in the field of consciousness. Remote viewing is an example. This is when the consciousness is trained to go somewhere and see and hear. The body is localized but the I am goes somewhere else in space or space-time. You might know this from films like The Men Who Stare at Goats. They mocked it in the film, but in real life it has been used by military and intelligence quite effectively. It precedes this modern utility, of course, and has been a part of human activities for quite some time, from tribal shaman to ancient priest classes in bygone times. It has its roots in Lemuria, the ancient civilization that existed alongside Atlantis. They pioneered the technology of the unentangled observer, a specialty within Lemurian DNA combined with the ancient Lemurian city technology of deep observance, like psychic telescopes, so they could remotely view anyone in the multiple universes as unentangled observers. When they became very practiced at the unentangled observer, it became a part of their DNA and they passed it on in lineages, like having an invisible cloak. That DNA became commercialized in the galactic genetics market — the primary exchange in the galaxy and the universes, by the way — to species who were spiritually, physically, and emotionally not ready for it, but they procured the DNA anyways, bought or stolen. This created the DNA wars and it's why DNA farming exists today. The original gene for the unentangled observer was added to other species through genetic mixing.
The unentangled observer technology was a DNA experience that could be traded with lineages and species compatible with it. It came with a price. Some species lost their sex organs and were forced to clone to reproduce. It depended on the level of density of the species that imported the genetics of the unentangled observer. The natural and supernatural are the same thing. The preternatural is the result of gross violations to the natural and supernatural law. This is a self-governed reality. The divine hologram is perfect. It is the arrogance of sentient beings that produces miscreants, and miscreants are the doorway to the preternatural.
An unentangled observer doesn't require a body. An unentangled observer is an experience which becomes a DNA memory. The DNA memory can be extracted from a lineage and inserted into another. The new lineage inherits the aspect and experience. Epigenetics is the real galactic mercantilism. The original species to get unentangled observer DNA lost their I am sovereignty. It was a long process, as all things related to genetics are. They left their home worlds and entered the void between galaxies and universes and became the stalkers of the void. Out there, at the edges of nothingness, no longer attached to any time space localities, they could send back the remains of their consciousness to observe their home worlds through many points of view. They collected DNA memories and data of observation then returned from the void space. As they advanced in this process, they could remain in the void space, and they could create and send data streams directly to a form of DNA technology that absorbed the live stream data of an unentangled observer. That’s how they first gained the capacity to be unentangled observers. After that, they started trading the DNA to other species.
A pure quantum observer doesn't need a body and is not predictable to others. Many beings have reached the level of awareness at which they don't need a body to have an experience. There exist hollow earth beings living in the space between atoms by unentangled observer genetics. They spread agendas throughout implicate order time. This is why DNA farming is so unique. These wholly unentangled, agenda-driven observers can create a light body within the various implicate orders to transfer data back to them through two or three or more degrees of separation. They themselves remain unentangled, and difficult to nearly impossible to observe, all the while, spreading their agenda through many frequencies of time . This is abuse of the quantum laws. Let’s say there are unentangled quantum observer light bodies in 1330 in Italy and it is 2021 now. There are many degrees of separation between them and us. Every generation is a separation of density. This allows any generation to impact on the past. The past is manipulable. Any changes immediately alter a potential future. This is why timeline manipulation is so easy to do. DNA farming is manipulating how memories are light-stored in the past, and how they are passed on to our teachers, historians and books — our official record.
Light memory storage happens when an experience is so high in vibration and harmony that finite chemicals can no longer be sustained. It's easy for an untangled observer to tune into this level of high intensity bright light, where a memory is fractured, fractalized, and easily manipulable. When they tell the story one way or another, or it is not in their memory at all, the past has changed, and our existence here assumes the change from the entangled reality of birth. The global narrative takes form and becomes the implicate order we accept through our judgment journey. History has been so heavily manipulated that maybe ten percent is true. We all have spiritual contracts which underwrite the memories as true. This allows us to participate in the implicate order here as a finite being on the journey back to the infinite. This is why we go through the great forgetting.
In quantum realm there is no locality and non-locality. It’s all one divine hologram, an infinite universe with all different levels of unique expression in form and non-form. The perspective of the implicate and explicate order ends. This is the void space. It's part of the universal hologram. A barren place, hence the name — the void space. The implicate and explicate unfolds in the the sea of consciousness.
The unentangled observer appears in many forms. Cats were created from the ground up as a skinsuit so beings could learn unentangled observation. There are many skinsuits that are unentangled observers. Certain gut gnomes we have can be unentangled observers. Cats are the most prolific, common not just on this world but millions of others as well. Jelly fish and certain breeds of coral can be unentangled observers, to give a couple more examples.
