At the Hub of Interconnectivity.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

I unpack and decode the one million letter celestial alphabet for the
expressed purpose of being the celestial medium of peace.

I dedicate this to all there is, was, and ever will be.

I am the excellence of execution with flawed perfection.

I am man, hear me ROAR! Meow!

&gt;&gt;&gt;

There comes a time for those destined for greatness when we must stand
before the mirror of meaning and ask “Why have we been given this
courage?”

I am the mirror and the man. This courage is my birthright and legacy to
this world. This is the 5th world of peace.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

We must look into our own eyes that are tired from the long journey
through mediocrity. In that moment of self discovery, many learn we are
‘soul’ tired of stagnation, ‘soul’ tired of repetition with our personal
illumination.

Our culture has become stagnant…Our society has become separate of
reality for those living within the denomination of currency.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

...A separation of humanity created by the money driven caste system as
a byproduct of world governments inability to actually do anything that
helps people out of the stagnation or cruelty put onto them by the free
market society,

...a system that uses freewill to its advantage to create disadvantages
for those that come to the future generations.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

Our parents and their parents and theirs before them had a vastly
different life than those of the previous 1000 generations. We have lost
our way to create synthesis with our own selves.

This speech is by design to challenge the readers and listeners in 900
degrees of separation from the creation of these words.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

Can you once again attain synthesis with yourselves in this moment?

Can you solve your greatest problem of attention and It’s deficit
because our world screams with things that take us off course?

Synthesis is not just a word, it is a state of personal freedom and
awareness for growth within the patterns we create to promote our own
evolution with our purpose and place in this world.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

When in the course of our personal human events, there comes a moment
looking into the mirror of meaning when something looks back at us in
the raising of one's own awareness… a time when some ask questions of
the self in reflection, and others lose track of the moment, lost in
their own petty, momentary need for mystical justification.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

It is those few who choose to dissolve old beliefs and habit patterns
that create habitual abuse of the self who are the ones destined for
greatness in a world of mediocrity. These self chosen few know the full
powers of the self, and the laws of nature are natures gifts to us. It
is our legacy and birthright to be in synthesis with all there is, was,
and ever will be.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

Each and every one of us has the inner fortitude to face the
self-created demons of mediocrity. It will be choice and our ability to
enforce our choices to last through the storm of self doubt and self
deceptions.

Each day we challenge ourselves to become more than we were the day
before. We pass on the legacy of the self to our self, so our greatness
will not be forgotten to the evolving waves of time.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

This moment now, as you read or hear these very words, a vast unseen
world tunes into you, asking you to listen to the silence that expands
your ability to know it, ...equal to this world and layered over it
through the forms of thought and perception.

You and only you can discern the silence and know how the unseen world
speaks to you. As I write and speak these eternal words decoded from the
one million letter celestial alphabet, ALL of you feel the churning of a
wisdom you have known since the dawn of your eternal births. The great
remembering has begun!

&gt;&gt;&gt;

I know this because I feel you before this has ever been shown to
another living person in this world. I have spread it to the rest of the
uniworlds layered over all the forms of thought and perception for the
expressed purpose of being the celestial medium of peace. In this, we as
a species entangled with tens of thousands of other species no longer
have to battle for meanilness control of infinite space.

Fear in the form of self depravity, self deception, and egotistical
actions, redefines and drives so many in the uniworlds to do things
unnatural to their natural way of being.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

We must face our FEAR of the unknown and know it is

False Evidence Appearing Real. We make it real, for we are the creators
of our own reality.

Too many of us hold false truths to be self evident, appearing as real
now, deforming our ability to store memories without our
perception-deception filters guiding us, with fear based actionable
wisdom, driving us further into the charge and polarity of living in the
layered uniworld.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

As the creators of our own reality, our self-truths are incumbent on our
ability to be vigilant and disciplined, holding them as self-evident
now,

without perception-deception filters-- guiding us back into fear, doubt
or the many vices of depravity.

Many of use believe the greatest human power of potential is within our
ability to independently think, to choose our own goals and live our
dreams.

Within the heart of humankind lives the natural instinct to know
freedom, Here exists the independent psychological predisposition to
chart our own course.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

This is a biological imperative directing us to grow. Choosing the
spiritual joy through this biological imperative is the essence of our
essence, being one with it as part of us,...as a programmable DNA
instruments of awareness, as part of our choice based system of belief,
interwoven with the fabric of time-space reality.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

The history of our past actions all to often retells the tales of life
taumas, repeated without learning how to heal from them

a nagging unhappiness with our path, lack of clear purpose or anything
that does not promote us as conscious beings of choice who must go
through the thick and thin of life’s offerings from a world mired in
mediocrity.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

Too many of our world cultures teach a blind desire to be judged worthy,
...lovable, ...accepted as part of the pack of conformists. We must
learn about our hero’s journey, the steps forward to do it’s great work
regardless of the projections put upon by those around them, including
love ones who are still in the hypnosis of obedience and slavery. A
hero’s stance is frightening to those who unquestionably conform.

You, as a hero, will not become subject to the tyranny of fools and the
fools desire to entangle with you in the fools mission of self
deception.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

Too many of our species are lost to the abyss of unawareness, blissfully
ignorant to all of nature's gifts within the joyous Tick-Tock of the
now. We can no longer live in apathy of the moment of now. We must be
present to reclaim our authority and its wonderful gifts that exist in
the now, that were given away to the system of cultural mediocrity and
deprivation of our relation with nature.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

If you should choose to be a conscience being of choice in full
awareness, your choice is yours to use, discard, or giveaway to others.
You and only you can attain personal freedom from the conformists who
demand you conform.

This is a form of cultural hypnosis that uses pre and post cultural
hypnotic suggestions demanding you respond to the needs of others,
pulling you at every choice point changing the course of your daily
evolution into meaningless pursuits of false emergencies.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

This creates an inner detachment of our clear intentions and actions.
Personal evolution becomes a TV series we binge watch, thus lessening
our ability to even know synthesis.

It is our birthright and legacy, we must explore with a clear heart,
clear mind and knowingness,

The world will demand you conform.

We step into our greatness, with these truths self evident to our
beingness, in stages of action reclaiming our power and authority to be
ourselves without conforming to the whims and fancies of others needing
to make us conform to their reality rules.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

All to often mankind forgets the unnatural foe of our lifepath is the
distant vision of death driving us into choice points we adhere to with
vigilant force... We stop our own evolution. The real truth is… we only
have these moments of now. The byproduct of this form of thinking is
present in the moment to moment detachment from natural living.

This is unnatural to the way of nature, a creation by man's need to make
others conform to thought constructs and ideologies of the past
generations, demanding we make them ‘relevant to’ grow.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

All too often mankind does not have vibrant awareness of its own
emotions. Lack of emotions means one cannot feel the subtle energy that
surrounds our body, mind, and spirit as a complex hologram of light
encoded in memoires lifetime to lifetime. We must choose to feel, again
and again.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

Each time you make the choice to feel, allowing the raw emotions to help
define your course of action into your great work, so your great work
can have a great impact on those you love. The choice to feel is your
birthright and legacy. Each day we must challenge the gates of apathy
and drive forward our hologram with full presence and the potential
power of being in the now.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

There are things inside us all that create self sabotaging habit
patterns. These habitual patterns take on the forms of unhealed
traumas--rearing their head during our times of internal crisis.

Whenever we choose to be authentic with ourselves or loved ones these
patterns become programs of potent power **from denial of our self
growth. Throughout the many generations thinkers they call these
programs our internal demons.**

**&gt;&gt;**

Our internal demons poison the well of inspiration, turn hope toxic and
dispel goodwill into hatred, rage and anger. Our destiny is determined
in large part on how well we know our internal demons of self doubt and
self deprivation, and how they use shame, blame and guilt to distort our
perceptions of people, places, and things...Diminishing a potent power
that can assist us in manifesting our dreams, desires and needs so we
lead a fulfilled life.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

How we battle them and choose to win each day will be determined by the
mettle you create within yourself. The path to self mastery begins with
identifying your internal demons and flipping the frequencies on their
arguments for your limitation. Find your arguments for success and
challenge your internal demons to go back to the recesses of your mind
and sit in the corner powerless to overcome your will to be a concise
being of choice in these moments of now. For if you don't defeat your
demons... who will? The external will not save you. It will only make
you conform to the global narrative.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

Many wonder why we cannot mature as fast as we could, seeing others
leapfrog ahead of the pack of conformists when we ourselves cannot
advance. We are struck in pause, waiting and waiting for permission to
declare our dreams and true intentions, struggling for what we want out
of our lifewalk. We await the time for personal courage to arise within
us like a sexual stimulation, or for society to grant us permission to
activate our inner genius and inturn activate the inner genius of
others.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

This is the illusion and delusion all wrapped into a perfect enigma,
surrounded by a conundrum of lack of self worth.

We have forgotten courage is a choice, and permission and impetus to
move with bold decisive action is not given by the global narrative or
the impotent masses entrenched in mediocrity.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

To seek change, is to go against the grain of those demanding conformity
to ideological and cultural patterns of limitation, truly advancing to
the unknown with the choice to make it known, letting go of fear, envy
and resentment, flying aloft on the wings of understanding, enjoying the
reckless abandon of shedding off the conformists ‘will’ to suppress your
desires to know the unknown... It is your birthright and legacy as a
conscious being of choice on the path to self mastery.

&gt;&gt;&gt;

The bold and disciplined invite need to grow! It is our savior from the
fearful masses who will never hold their power, until they too are faced
with their internal demons and shed off the needs of the conformed
masses who have forgotten that courage is a choice. What awaits them is
the presence of choice itself and the potential power of living in the
natural moment of now.

At the edge of infinity with my expression of being in the now. I unpack
and uncode the unlimited point of view within my state of emanation. It
is the valuables and variables i choose to emanate that defines me
throughout history as the living breathing manifestation of peace to all
their is was and ever will be

&gt;&gt;

It is now that the moment of now understanding is uncoded with my
internal pattern recognitions of the now through the perspective of my
eternal selves within my moments of now that recognize and actualize all
parts of myself so a precognitive workforce may flow through all their
is was and ever will be

It is the actualization and valuation that drives forward my hologram of
light.
