

CHAPTER VI: ALCHEMICAL TREASURES HIDDEN WITHIN OUR DNA INSTRUMENT, THE EARTH AND BEYOND
Our DNA instruments, our bodies are quantumly entangled with everything in our environment including the elements of nature, precious metals, minerals and compounds in the earth’s crust. We are to unlock our bodies capacities and acknowledge that there is an ongoing and evolutionary vision or fusion going on, particles are coming together and exchanging electrons, neutrons, positrons in awareness and unawareness in the seen and unseen worlds that can propel our capacities beyond our imagination. We can consciously influence and manipulate the weather just as much as the weather patterns are impacting on our wellbeing.
Everything is in constant creation, precious treasures hidden from us until we bring them into our conscious awareness.  Take the egg and sperm as a simple example; two cells meeting and becoming inextricably linked to create new life force. The alchemy of creation, elemental amalgamation of DNA that begins to unravel a code of growth through individuated biological life forms. Alchemy allows the many different states of beingness to be in a chemical and spiritual makeup to manifest. It is a way of experiencing some of those higher skill sets before you can generate them at will without the need of alchemy. Think of another metaphor; a volcanic flow, gold and silver meeting a crystal pocket that starts to cool and then generates precious elemental veins. The transformation process is natural, an alchemical process beyond human hesitation and doubt.
One man’s trash is another man’s treasure. A treasure is something that is precious that can catalyse us into greater awareness and growth. Treasures give us pleasure, can make us wealthy and they can be cursed.  The treasures within ourselves, once acknowledged, can exponentialize our health, wealth and wellbeing. We all have capacities within ourselves to attract treasure energy to us by acknowledging the laws of attraction and putting the attraction factor out there into our field.
Q: What is needed for us to really tune and tone that DNA instrument to find those hidden treasures? In order to tap into that universal natural unified realm of infinite possibilities we require clarity of mind and the ability to perceive and receive from a place of silence and surrender. At that level of intelligence your discipline is determined through daily choice of practice as well as your willingness to go to the edge of the unknown and experience the unknown as known without fear. False evidence can appear very real and take you down mind trails of paranoia instead of allowing the data from the unknown to come into your sacred space and become knowingness without resistance. That is the trust journey beyond doubt and hesitation we are all having to go on. Be open to jump in and see where the energy takes you as long as you don’t fall for curiosity learning which has been weaponized against us.
Q: What is the importance of looking at CURIOSITY LEARNING with regards to hidden treasures? When we enter that state where we are going to the edge of the unknown you have to turn off the expectation journey. You can't be on the edge of unknowingness assuming and presuming of what it will be like as you will only create a long term limitation for yourself. Work on the basis of perceiving and asking where is this inquiry into a certain subject matter going to lead me? Is it going to contribute to my life and what do I want to create with it? You can maintain a curious mind of exploration that does not go into charge and polarity, allowing the brain to continuously fill in the blanks. Curiosity is not always innocent, it can create false attachments and disturbing outcomes. Pornography can start as an innocent journey and turn the other way very quickly. There are plenty of subject matters that are relating to violence and other energies draining your life force where curiosity can lead you down the wrong path. You have to always remain vigilant of any internal and external programs and energies that don't feel coherent or in alignment with what you desire to create.
Start with a curious mind and be open to put a stop to your endless seeking when things go awry. There comes a point where curiosity ends and active learning begins. If you are serious about being on this awakening journey you won’t get away with curiosity learning. Your emanation will not be authentic and people will eventually see through your superficial emulations and walk away. The greater journey to understanding why curiosity has been weaponized here is to keep you in that state of curious searching versus genuine learning and growing. When you move beyond curiosity you bring more of your spirit in, turn off misidentified empathy, turn on intuition and allow clairvoyance, clairaudience, and clairsentience to be part of your experience. In the active learning state you use all of your psychic capacities to practice becoming an energy master.
Lots of people are put off by the word learning itself having been traumatized in schools. What if we could acknowledge that we have all the information available within and through consistent application we can tap into it and make it manifest.  All the information, all the data, all the capacities and skills are within us but we may not have the language to describe it yet. Accurate description starts at 97 98%. Inaccurate description is anything below that, and an inaccurate description can lead us down pathways that destroy the original meaning and make us tongue tight in trying to explain something.
Q: Nurturing our hidden treasures through catalysation instead of waiting for activation? In order to use our DNA instrument to the fullest capacity and tap into our skills we need to stop giving away our core energy. Instead of preserving and tapping into our own energy source connection we keep using the background, radioactive radio electromagnetic frequencies to stay motivated. This will not assist us if we want to continue on the path of exploration and consistent evolutionary growth. There comes a point where the living algorithm of life transcends into the ocean of consciousness. It is no longer an algorithm but an emanation of light in a collective of other emanations of light that are sharing a flicker frequency. We are not an equation, we are not just binary numbers, we are so much more than that. This is also why the fractured world view between science, cosmology, spirituality does not work as they don't look from a unified, holistic perspective of who we actually are and how we are interacting with our environment, on this planet and beyond.
Our environment does not activate us by itself. We can use external sources as a catalyst to get us understand that we are the spark solely responsible to fuel our inner journey. We use external factors to help us solidify growth situations. Let’s take Hellenic Science as an example. When it comes to the geometric patterns and shapes that are used in Hellenic Science these are holographic activations because you can see the fabric of reality as a sidual, a symbol of power. Not all siduals contain the same potency and power but Hellenic Science has amassed a bunch of very potent siduals that have mythological power behind them, meaning that previous generations have used them as their daily prayer and belief process. Even though those cultures no longer exist today their myth energy is still behind them, suspended in the hologram waiting for us to connect to it. Time and space are not real and therefore the hologram and the siduals never truly lose power. They are forever gaining potency and power the more they are observed as a sidual or holographic geometry.  You can go into a grand master doodling state and allow sacred symbols and glyphs of power to be created. A glyph is different to a sidual. A glyph is more personalised with an expression behind it to have a unique kind of catalysation as a form of experience.  Once you allow yourself to have several layers of sensing and processing data without any of them competing with each other internally you have reached a major identifying marker in time. This kind of multidimensional expression is our birth right and legacy. The journey to get there is practice. The more multiple aspects of your journey you practice the more new perspectives you gain to see how multidimensional reality can work for you.
Don't rely on external sources or allow curiosity learning drive your process. Put your mind to what you want to achieve, add time and enthusiastic effort and your awareness of your hidden treasures will change and increase through diligent application. Keep the pleasure factor and stay joyfully connected to living in this world not allowing spiritual things and spirituality to drain off your social skills. Don’t ever limit yourself, have the courage of your convictions and know that trying to control yourself or your environment is a fictional idea of self-deception.
Q: Let’s talk about some of those hidden treasures regarding our bodies that we have not acknowledged yet?
THE POWER OF TASTE: Human beings existing as of today have explored maybe 15% of their taste capacity. We can taste light but we don’t know how to. Just like a kid who's never been taught to do mathematical tables they don't need to do them to survive. We have yet to learn the next levels of sense of taste. Two hundred years ago, the naturally living could taste the air and tell you through the taste of the air if it was going to rain that day. We can do that too.
THE POWER OF SMELL: Even though as humans we are limited in our sense of smell compared to dogs but we have a psychic scent because the nerves that make up the sense of smell still go through the third eye as parts of the rods and cones. Our third eye is a combination of all of our sensing organs. And the sense of smell can very much be a super, super psychic sense.
THE SENSE OF SIGHT: The sense of sight is still a combination of ears, and nose, and taste, and center of gravity that allows us to have a sense of touch through our body in motion which creates gyroscopic effects throughout our chakra systems. There are gifted young children who can read a book by just putting their hand on it. Our sight is intrinsically linked to the rest of our senses it can perceive touch as much as it can perceive scent and taste and sound.
THE SENSE OF SOUND: Like right now our eyes can hear because hearing is an integral part of speaking. A person that has been deaf their whole life can feel the vibrations of their voice which makes up their language system. Their eyes feel the vibration as much as their nose and their tongue and the rest of their body.
Q: Let’s talk about REMOTE VIEWING – URI GELLER
Well, let's break down remote viewing versus remote experiencing. Empathy is the lowest scale of observational skill sets the way that remote viewing is described by Ed Dames and the people that originally brought it out. There are many different modalities of remote viewing. Just like Reiki there are many versions of reiki passed down in a lineage that differ from the original Sensei Usui one. Some remote viewing versions are more advanced and some are super simplistic. Remote viewing can be a state of perception which is the lower levels of psychic expression or there is clairvoyance, clairaudience, clairsentience which are all much higher experiences that you may have in a remote viewing session.
Who remembers Uri Geller? He was known as a magician for bending spoons but he used a lot more of those hidden treasures, capacities we are talking about. He was a clairvoyant, known as a remote viewer and hired by the oil and gas industry, by many major corporations to find oil and gold. He made boatloads of money helping them find natural resources all over the world. As a dowser he didn't use any rods just his hands and intuition, marking oil resources on a map as he was flying over a particular area.  As a person operating in an era where there were far less restrictions on psychic skills in the mid 70s to the late 90s even now he is still relevant. Part of what he did was allow people to accept that anyone could have a psychic skill and that it could be used in professional business. American or European corporates aren’t really big on allowing psychic skill sets. The second you travel to China, every major business meeting in which contracts are negotiated and signed, the CEOs are flanked by psychics. There are freelance psychics that are hired by companies, because of the type of skill sets they have to understand the negotiating patterns of the person in front of them. There is not a single contract in Hong Kong or China that is signed without psychic approval which is a very ancient tradition and business practice.
Q: What made Uri Geller so different to any of us? His spiritual contracts in a modern age of modern media. He was the first psychic superstar since the Elizabethian mystics. At the age of five, being hit by a laser beam coming from an orb in a field, he became activated to develop his skills ie bending spoons etc.  He trusted his skills without doubt and hesitation and synchronicities started lining up. Those synchronicities were pre-arranged through the foetus of the womb blueprint to make him highly exposed to billions of households worldwide. It is fair to say in ancient time he was a highly notable personality that had many lifetimes of great notability for whatever subject matter he got himself into. Therefore his energy or essence was easily recognizable which allowed for grand spiritual contracts of recognition through media. He inspired millions of people to go and look at their esoteric, spiritual and psychic journey. Controversial his nature, he was one of the first ones to break the glass ceiling of what a psychic could do, which forever created attacks against him. Even when he left the public eye the attacks still continued to damage his name. That just made him more popular, enough to jump generations. Uri Geller is a great example to illustrate possible capacities that require discipline and courage, which are not mystical, to succeed. If you look at my journey I now had nine years of practice on air and twenty years before that practicing privately and throughout all the work I did with my clients. I have evolved in the way that I do things and everything I have practiced before is a fundamental part of who I am now as a presenter. The basics of all the teachings I talk about now I can trace back in my many notebooks from the past few years.
Q: What is your take on TELEKINESIS? The amount of energy that it takes to move something telekinetically, even just a little bit of the shake of an object is tremendous and most people don’t produce that added psychic energy in a year that is required to do it because they operate on micro volts. For telekinesis to work, without you being predisposed to it through spiritual contracts, you need to be plugged into the macro volt and then the macro volt above that so that you can tap into an energy source even higher than you that is not in competition or running an agenda of instant gratification. Many people try telekinesis and get disheartened and frustrated when they don’t succeed. Just like shapeshifting telekinesis can be destructive and energy draining if one underestimates the fundamental requirements of macro volt connection and skill sets that would come as part of the spiritual contracts pre-programmed in the foetus of the womb.
Q: What are ENERGETIC SPEED BUMPS with regards to BILOCATION People are forced into bilocation all the time, they just don't realize they're doing it because it isn’t what they think it is. There are certain energy speed bumps in our environment that kick us out of our body and force us to bilocate. Have you ever been in the parking lot, you are going too fast and you see that speed bump at the last second? You put on the brakes accompanied by that sound to tell you that you hit it too hard. That can kick you out of your energy frequency, and force you to bilocate, meaning you're behind the speed bump and suddenly you are in front of the speed bump having skipped going over it. There is the bilocating you ahead of the speed bump and the part of you that is still located behind the speed bump joining you again in front and you never really hit that speed bump.
Energetic speed bumps naturally occur everywhere around this planet. The negatives of our world have figured out how to make them into oversized speed bumps, no matter how fast or slow you go it still puts you into a major up and down motion effecting your energetic field. Think of walking through a mall at Christmas time. The negative energies want to set up an energy speed bump every five to ten steps. Why? Because that is how they harvest your energy, they're not there to pick your pocket. Every time you walk into a store and you see a sign that says Sales 70% off, there is your energetic speed bump to energetically slow you down and pay attention to what is on sale. Any parking lot where you keep spinning and spinning looking for a parking space could be considered one of those speed bumps slowing your down, getting you frustrated to drain and harvest energy off you. Billboards catching your attention would be another speed bump. Women have been abused over millennia to be used as speed bumps in the advertising industry.
HIDDEN TREASURES : CREATING WITH THE ELEMENTS IN NATURE
WATER is programmable and as we learn to imprint on the water we can give energy to the oceans and acknowledge all ocean species and marine life including the merfolk communities. We are at a time where we can do great healing to all sentient kind as the ocean flows through its tidal mechanics and adds a greater perspective of ebb and flow energies in our reality.  You can use the focus of that tidal energy to create intense releases and create with it. As the tide comes in you can laser focus your awareness to the intensity of the energy and on the way out allow all of your distractions to flow out and use the potency of the ocean to help you make masterful manifestation and practices. When you work with water use the power of the out loud, name it to claim it process. Give the water your voice and as it is going out you are sending programming and that potency of intention out to the farthest edges of the ocean to share your spiritual cord of equity with every cell and atom of water that is in the great food chain of life. Begin to acknowledge all ocean life including the shrimp and kelp in the prayer process as well as the great ocean itself and its life force and allow it to speak to you through the tidal action, confirming and affirming your feelings for the programmed water. In this undertaking of intimately relating you will experience a whole new layer of understanding. A valid history lesson will be being taught by the programs of this water on this planet and the truth will be told.
This planet has had its water and snow stolen from it over hundreds of generations. Global disasters have been purposely created to redistribute the ancient water that was imprinted by high dimensional beings and whose goal it was to protect the Earth. Throughout those catastrophes deepest water would come to the surface to be reprogrammed by technological species using false light technology. Water was taken off the planet by the trillions of gallons of snow and ice to plant it on other worlds and replace it with polluted water for Earth to cleanse it and clear its karma. The merfolk community can tell the stories of those thefts and betrayals and account for how much garbage was returned. Some water was more valuable than the rarest minerals which is part of why there are so many sub and surface species that are looking for the reserves of the ancient programmed water. During the industrialisation age the main water wars ended as they ran out of excuses to take out miles and miles of ice.
A powerful example of creating with Storms: In one of the shows a lady from Jamaica phoned in feeling activated on a DNA level through the storms on the island. Jamaica is surrounded by coral reefs and sits on top of a giant crystal. That crystal creates piezoelectrical effects when under pressure. When a hurricane comes towards Jamaica the piezoelectrical impact is increased up to three hundredfold or more as well as the background electromagnetic Schumann resonance. The hurricane itself has low pressure that is affecting the physical body forcing more electricity to go through the auric field. That can create an anxiety effect as we don’t know what to do with the energy. Past practitioners on Jamaica where weather manipulators who could harvest the energy and use them for massive magical rituals to help heal the land, nourish the soil to grow better crops and heal people or redirect the energy back into the storm to balance the next year’s harvest. When you are in tune with the weather you can literally become the storm. As you start living in harmony with it you can ask the elements to shift the clouds. In the journey of being meaningful and aligned to that energy you will learn new ways of interacting with it. Instead of just moving the storm you can add your energy to it to balance out karma. Every drop of rain and every gust of wind is a balancing of energetic karma. You can bring your blessings and purity to that storm, give it a ‘wind colonic’. A storm can be a perfect time to create with like that caller working on conception. The storm is like allowing the egg to hatch because the veil between realities is thin when the storm moves through. One can tap into the energy of the storm itself and increase the fertility factor by putting the wind energy into the sperm and the egg. Both partners can guide it to connect through the storm and allow the background electromagnetic radiation and the energy of the storm to create that fertile communion. The storm can be the portal, the soul is already there.
VULCANO
When Mount St Helens went off the energy was equivalent to 1600 times the size of Hiroshima, that’s how much power was behind it. The Krakatoa volcano explosion in 1883 in Indonesia was so loud that everyone in the world could hear it, gigantic dust particles were put into the air. The energy that is produced through a volcanic eruption is easily harvestable by off world technology. Inside the pyroclastic cloud which is destructive to living sentients is pure static electricity, pure energy that can be absorbed into the offworld vessels purely by being in the cloud. Ufos can easily enter and leave the clouds, it often almost looks like they are shooting beams of energy into the volcano. When the volcano settles it creates lava tubes, access to the deep underground sites. Those volcanic explosions create pure energy and people are attracted to live close by. They would have spiritual contracts to choose to live there and experience regular spikes of super high frequency, not all positive to their energy and physical bodies.
FLOODS & HURRICANES
Depending on how the flood forms electromagnetic frequencies are being created. The water, as it is moving, is stripping electrons from the surface and increasing speed of the moving water. When a dam breaks there is pressure creating rapid flow. Tidal energy is constantly bashing up against the shore. Hurricanes push the water inland as well as Tsunamis, they are both rapid releases of electromagnetic energies. All these occurrences have wisdom and bring along treasures. What happens on the unseen side? Negative entities getting swept away. In New Orleans, after the hurricane, was a massive purging of five centuries of ghosts. The city was never the same after that as many ghost communities had left who had figured out to harvest the land as well as the people.
BACKGROUND ELEMENTALS
There are other interlinked particles that are BACKGROUND ELEMENTALS that remain part of the Ocean of Awareness without individuating into animated consciousness until we have the language to describe them as well as those extremely rare ones existing on this and other planets, a potent contribution to our lives and yet not made available to us to the true extent possible.
The emergence of self-healing and transformation from metallic materials presents an exciting paradigm for an idea of the combination of metallic and biological properties. How does the Earth and we as human beings interact with those elements in our environment? Every planet has a different crystalline layer that is a massive piezoelectric field. On a planetary level, the right mixture of elemental compounds embedded with crystals is called the slurry. There are some planets where gold is very rare. A planet with less gold resources does not have a naturally high electromagnetic cycle. As electromagnetic waves from the solar system, like solar flares, hit a planet it will retain them for a period of time and go through an evolutionary process, different for each planet.
Q: How does Oxygen interact with us and the planet? The OXYGEN in our air is not pure. It’s a mix of oxygen, nitrogen, carbon monoxide, water etc, all influenced by the global weather patterns on giant and micro scale. The same with oxygen inside lakes, rivers and puddles as part of the hologram in which we are entangled as particles moving through that hologram. Through the entanglement with the weather patterns we are being subjected to the changes. We are at cause & effect of the weather until we build a house that keeps us protected in a bubble of reality even though the weather is still raging outside. Having said that it still effects us inside the house through pressure as water is blended with oxygen in the air that we breath. We can manipulate the weather, the clouds. How often have you looked at the clouds and a face looked back at you? Everyone sees something different, this has nothing to do with interfering with any sovereign boundaries. There are enough shared reality rules within our bubbles to allow simultaneous and shared vision. What happens when a meteoroid shows up? There is a different set of interactive rules for the hologram. It is something that is operating in the bigger hologram impacting on the smaller one with entangled observers within it.
Q: What is a temporary ELEMENTAL INTELLIGENCE and can you give us an example? Whilst oxygen is the basis for life here on Earth there are planets that don't have oxygen. Life can exist in the rolling particles of dust with the dust creating its own electromagnetic field. These are things that are, like willows of the whisk, things floating around in the bogs in the marshes that give off gases associated to electromagnetic frequency. When they reach a certain layer, just above the dew point, they actually will come together on an etheric level and become a temporary elemental intelligence which will resolve after having accomplished its mission. For example one form of this intelligence would stir up stagnate energy in places and space. Another elemental intelligence can help beings that have crossed over to find their tunnel of light or assisting in the seed process of growing microorganisms deep in the ground.
Q: So where do these elementals take instructions from? They take their instructions from the celestial mind of the planet but also the caretakers of each specific realm. We can break our planet down into 8,600 realms. Each realm has its own independent time as well as specific purpose with different types of elemental entities and background rules. If you are living next to a mountain, you obviously have much more granite around you than if you are living in a cornfield. Corn is its own etheric lifeforce entity but here we are talking just about the elementals which are more like a semi-automated response. They have intelligence to them to accomplish their tasks and to know if they are working outside of their mission. Those 8,600 realms span over the surface timeline only. There are separate realms that are like counties inside a state in hollow earth, differently set up though. These realms don't store information from the Akash. The akashic records are still in the North Pole and South Pole in the Aurora Borealis. This is technically where their access point location is for the hubs of interconnectivity even though you can access the akashic Records from anywhere on the planet. These temporary elemental intelligences are like the Earth’s antibodies. They make grids and patterns that create ancestor resolution and ancestral procreation on the lands as well as clean up toxic energies if something goes into extinction and there is no surface lineage left to do the work. In the elemental’s journey they often don't take a straight line to get to their resolution because they kind of have this wandering energy. Standing stones that were implemented to make straight lines to energy locations, can hurt other elemental energies and are a different type of technology .
Q: GOLD & SILVER as part of earth & our bodies? Earth has more gold than we can use. There is gold everywhere in our backyards, just in flex and there are positive ways to mine gold too. We are unfortunately using gold for the wrong purpose, 90% is for industrial use and only 10% recreational. Think about that. Gold is meant to be available to all of us. There is a reason why the Mayans adored all the walls with gold. It amplifies our frequencies and when you imprint messages into the gold, through carvings, moulding it into advanced figurines, you create prayer spaces that can absorb those holograms. Imagine a ton of gold to be used to line the inside of a house, all corners and walls including the ceiling and floor lined with gold. It is going to amplify the frequency of that home no matter what you do in it. Your clarity can be increased by as much as 80% as anything that has an electromagnetic frequency will have high clarity through being in contact with Gold. Gold allows electricity to move through circuits faster. Anything that is set up like a circuitry, whether it is DNA or the way stones are aligned it will increase the flow.
We naturally have plenty of gold inside our bodies, all sorts of natural metals. It is inside the general body system, inside our chemical matrix. We have the capacity to naturally transmute and make gold inside our bodies at any moment in time. And then there is SILVER, a natural antiviral, antibiotic element that just kills the microorganism around you. People are using colloidal silver and there is colloidal gold too that can be directly absorbed into the body.
Gold can also be used against us. They took elemental technology from super high scientific beings and then designed living structures for very low educated and low willed beings to live in. The intention was that if they could get three generations to live in these gold frequency buildings, the fourth generation would be even more harvestable as entities that would be effective for our upper crust work..
Q: What about the imprinting on the gold itself, like on gold coins? When you take the imprint out of the gold, it's still precious gold. Whatever myth or history that is impressed into an element or metal is part of a mutual cocreation. Pure, unimprinted gold is a form of technology and amplifies a being’s consciousness in unawareness or awareness depending on their level of belief.  Churches are full of gold layered walls and objects which is a different way of projecting. Some will attribute any high moments of frequency to religious dogmas created through the common thought structure and not really understand the elemental interaction of the gold as high frequency provider itself. Hundreds of thousands of species have used gold to amplify frequencies. It is very common throughout the universe, the Egyptians, the Mayans, all of the ancient people coated everything in gold to increase the frequency. Pyramid structures are frequency amplifiers too. Take the Giza Pyramid, which is pretty big, anything within 90 km or so is going to be affected by its frequency no matter how close you are. It's a way to put circuitry to spirituality and divest its energy and harvest it, and then redirect it through the pyramid structure.
Q: What are some of the special skills developed through working with gold, silver, copper? Lining a room with gold would be for a very specific type of personality and practitioner, beings that are powerful projectors and then even more powerful receivers. For a clairvoyant or clairsentient being in a golden room could exponentialize the remote viewing experience. The next super level up is receiving information. The practitioners project themselves to a different location with high forms of clarity and other people in the room will be able to see them as a generated hologram. You could have one to four people go out to observe and ten to twenty people see the holograms that are being generated around them. If you were to add silver and copper to the gold in the room, you would have high forms of kinetic control capacities. A human being can learn to manipulate vibration and kinetic energy by touching a wall and feel the vibration in it. The entire pyramid is a vibrational structure. It is meant to harvest vibration deep from the planet and then center that vibration in its structure to create a powerful resonator. When the human being knows how to kinetically control they can resonated with stones, make them float as if they were weightless, move them around and create whatever they want. By adding silver and copper to gold you can change the elemental nature and capacity. They would use this inside factories for mass productions by several thousand workers who were using these advanced kinetic skills.
Using the mix of copper, silver, gold, and then have a big giant crystal in the center, whatever would be operating around the crystal could instantly enter the peasy electric field, amplify it and power technology with it. We could tap into the background energy frequencies in the field around us and direct energy towards technology for direct absorbance. This capacity is built into the human skin suit. This is why we can go to founder technology places or other worlds that are super high technology. When you get a human with those skills they are highly valuable in all the galaxy out there that uses humans to run their machines.
Q: How does jewellery impact on our capacities? In all reality, unless it's a heavy solid gold necklace, you have very little gold on you. You need volume, think of the thickness of the plaster on your wall to make it sound and stable? The same thing goes for the gold when you are wearing and putting elements around you. The different golds in the gold family vary in colours because they are pressurized differently and they have different effects. Platinum is not pure gold. Rose Gold is mixed with copper. Gold or silver jewellery is directly tied to your Meridian system and can make a huge difference for your health and wellness. Does bigger make better? When it comes to elements like gold, silver, and copper, yes, it does. Density and volume does make a difference of how your bioelectric field reacts to your environment because it is constantly amplifying your bioelectric field.
Q: What about the association of gold to the masculine and the sun? Now that's something that was imprinted by the religions of that era. The high energy beings who understood the galactic spiritual commerce market decided to idolize the sun because it made more potent souls who could operate high-frequency technology. So they crafted a story that brought a lot more potent souls into the farm, which they could then harvest. The 8,600 realms on our surface, each one is a different farm.
Silver has many uses. If you would have a bed made solely of silver, a lattice network of micro, silver fibres that make up a bed it would be very powerful. Think of it like a box spring but super compressed replacing your mattress. When you sleep on a silver compressed mattress like that the silver itself is under torsion which allows the body to dream even deeper and enter deep delta frequencies. You could add a variety of other elements and crystals to it to help create affinities to certain realms. The imprinted view of scarcity of gold and silver is part of the manipulation used in this narrative. Imagine people would have unlimited access to those elements and start using them to not just wear but lining their walls with it?
Q: What are the properties of COPPER? Copper filters particles to be energized. If you have a magnet and you were to put metal shavings on a piece of paper you could see the magnetic field. There are some magnetic shavings that take longer exposure to get magnetized. There are some things that are non-ferrous and you can magnetize them by intensifying the field through the use of copper. Copper in its natural environment would generally not be in a rock shape. It would have crystal, silver, gold, additional water, one or two additional types of elements around it acting as a massive amplifier of the actual background energy.
Copper in coil form can be used under the bed to negate toxic energies, like the curry lines. Yes but in the old days they knew how to manipulate the Curry lines in such a way that it was very beneficial to the earth. Are you familiar with Michael Tellinger’s work? Have you seen the stone circles that are all over the African desert, tens of millions of those examples of circuitry? The Hartman Curry line circuitry created a very effective way of literally harvesting the surface or the energy for many uses. They built hospitals, work houses and schools being able to read the energy of what was right for the place.
Q: What about other elements like PLUTONIMUM? Atomic weapons are made out of plutonium. Plutonium can be found everywhere deeply under the ground and it creates negative frequency when it becomes very dense. What do you think plutonium does as a background element? It’s radioactive and everyone talks about it having a long life. How would this radioactivity impact on the a human being? It is not necessarily unhealthy as it can charge the energy and make it move at the plutonium decay rate. Plutonium can overwrite bioelectric circuitry. That is the nature of the radiation. If you take plutonium from its original deep surface radiating source and expose it to the sun, let's say in a high desert, its radioactivity would begin to reflect that of the sun and become very potent energy generating and regenerating life forms.  Gigantic life growing farms if they could get the water to high deserts and transmute plutonium through sunlight. At the moment it is used for nuclear weapons and in very low levels in can be in batteries and lots of other things. At low levels it won’t hurt you.
Q: What about TITANIUM? Titanium is a biological entity that has to go through an evolutionary completion state before it becomes titanium. The way strands align themselves, when observed under a specialised DNA microscope they have a semi helix circle pattern to them in their arrangements of their densities. Titanium can be melded with many other types of metals and mega titanium, which is a specialized titanium alloy, has very unique properties to it. It is used to replace steel as it is so strong. Instead of one inch of steel you can go with an eighth inch of titanium and it has the same strength.  It is also used for dentistry, making drill bits.
Titanium can be bonded with other alloys for antennas for instance. When you build a cell tower out of pure titanium and allow it to go a thousand feet up in the air you would be able to harvest energy off it. Titanium allows torsion, twisting and bending without breaking, extremely weather resistant. You could install it anywhere in the world and create 500 times more energy than a solar or wind driven turbine, a highly dense sturdy structure that can be used as multiple energy source.
It can mix with human beings too. Solidified Titanium can be turned into a liquid form that uses electromagnetic energy as its network of absorption through the actual energy pool that it is. This then can instantly solidify as armour around the being without inhibiting mobility. It can turn into an actually piece of technology, an exosuit that instantly adapts to whatever environment you are in. Let’s say you come from planet Earth with sufficient levels of oxygen and step through a portal onto Mars where there isn’t enough oxygen.
These technologies we will be using when getting out there to other worlds as consciousness explorers. It will be an entirely new education journey of changing environments, leaving the planet and getting onto living on ships for extended periods of time to acclimatise to the radically different frequencies of other planets. Depending on the DNA skinsuits it will affect everybody differently. They have these tests that can tell you if you are going to have a harsh reaction to a specific planet or not. So you will know where to go and where not to. There are other species that are doing this as well as Earth’s Secret Space Program is going well beyond the Solar System. They’ve got around 4,300 bases outside of our solar system with about 180 billion human beings that have been harvested off our world since 1830.
Q: IRIDIUM? If you are harvesting raw electricity Iridium can be very useful.  It is a hard day gauge and you can produce crucibles, very heat resistant containers in which metals or other substances can be melted. Whilst Iridium is very rare here on earth you can find it all over the galaxy and solar system.
Q: PALLADIUM? This is one of those elements that continues to give mystery to the rest of the universe. Palladium is worth more than gold. Palladium is the most valuable of the four precious metals with an acute shortage here on Earth driving prices up to record levels. The usage is increasing as governments, especially China has tightened the regulations, the crack down on pollution from vehicles, forcing us to increase the amount of precious metals they use. Palladium has very unique energy factors to it. It doesn't allow anything to live on its surface and kills all microorganisms by catalysing the environment. It keeps energy moving very fast before slowing down. You  can imagine the beneficial impact on technology and jewellery.
Q: The structure & Coding of elements, nature, DNA: There is a structure to all of those metals, that is part of the coding. Part of the problem is that we don't yet understand the fullness of the coding. What does it mean to have those metals in our environment and how to entangle with them as a hologram that is part of us? You can relate those codes to the soul coding we have in our DNA. All those elements have their own version of that. There is a common code and structure to those elements that allow you to turn them on as a biological entity. If your DNA has a biological consciousness, resonant frequency inside it, you will have one of the many codes to activate it as a natural living being. Those elements are most beneficial to us and should be in every of our background frequency and energies, in our walls, bricks, houses, roadways, elevators, community centres. The lack of information and use is part of the system of domination and control keeping our DNA capacities dumbed down. All the geometric structures and codes found in nature, in our DNA and in those elements allow us to interact, access, activate and directly interface with each other.
Q: What about the building material of the Titanic? With the example of the Titanic, the majority of magic was more in the people, the operating system rather than the building material. Whatever they did on the material was an esoteric journey of imprinting but it didn’t mean the metal would accept it. The crew members of the Titanic were esoterically trained by the secret societies of that era, to be the religion of the ship, which was very common throughout the entire British history. You had a priest and then you had another guy who taught you something different to what the church taught you. At that point what the ship was built of was irrelevant even though they did rituals and ceremonies.
Q: What do you mean by harvesting elements through our existence as a paradox? There are many more elements on this planet but we don't know what they are being used for in other worldly technologies. There are some elements that are so unique and rare that they can only exist in a previous paradox. We as the many I AM selves, embodied and expressed through the I AM Apex here are a living, breathing paradox. Just by us moving around in our multidimensional energy we could leave a manifestation behind, a microlevel compound that has not existed in the in the universe before. There are galactic agents that are constantly sniffing around our cities for micro compounds and micro elements that are transmuted and left behind by us. Make no mistake, every aspect of the farm has been commoditized as part of the Galactic Commerce Market.
Q: How would we do that by moving around? Everyone is a living breathing paradox inside a paradox timeline reality to participate and create final karmic resolution. We are a paradox inside a paradox inside a paradox inside another paradox which opens up a wide range of opportunities to create those new micro elements. Every time you go into a medium level of energy, let's just say happily driving a car and listening to some music you could be producing elements and micro compounds that have never existed before and because they're not attached to your bubble of hologram they will fall out behind you like dust particles, micro dust particles. They are not attached to the hologram because the paradox is bringing them through the membranes of reality. Fairy dust! Yes, this is just another way that the entire planet from ground up is here to resolve karma. Even the leaves are designed to fall a certain way to resolve karma. The entire surface timeline on this planet is a machine to resolve karma. As our shards, parts and avatars are working together in unison and harmony together with our environment we are creating potent and powerful elements in awareness or unawareness. The more we are in our joy and authentic expression we can create magic like that. The fact that we are not surrounded by all those rare and hidden elements and metals in our city structures and homes the lack frequency is being amplified.
CHAPTER VII: SIGNATURE FREQUENCY TEACHING – THE LAWS OF ATTRACTION AND REPULSION INSIDE AND OUTSIDE CONSCIOUSNESS ENTANGLEMENT.
Q: What is a signature frequency? You are an I AM self driven wave form in a bubble of reality that has physics adjusting you to your harmony, vibration and frequency based on your ability to propagate life in equal co-creation and non-hierarchy with your celestial counterparts. Your signature frequency is a naturally evolving attraction process in coherently aligning to the seen and unseen world based off raw vibration, frequency, harmony. When our cognitive mind gets involved in it you often are forcing a match that is in our time-space equation for which you might not be ready yet. Depending on the level of your awareness that can easily turn into an instant gratification journey.
Q: What makes you a match to a signature frequency? What makes you a match to this material? It is not necessarily about your consciousness. Our agencies work at the universal source level because we are universal beings resolving universal karma at any moment in time. The I AM just happens to be the time spaced cognitive manifestation in all awareness that is fractionalising around you. Spirituality is beginning to make sense within the infinite fractional or great mystery and begins to be clued in to its moods and themes. The great mystery is never going to be solved but it is going to give you some foreshadowing and sometimes even predictions. THE COLLECTIVE CONSCIOUSNESS IS A LIMITATION – YOU’VE GOT TO THINK BEYOND THAT. The individual and the collective consciousness will always be a limitation as we are infinitely evolving beings with infinite possibilities available to us. You can be a signature frequency match individually, collectively or separately and as I said it has nothing to do with your consciousness.   Like creates like and dislike creates dissonance. Your consciousness gives consent but the universal frequency, vibration and harmony can match you without your consciousness entanglement.
Q: What is a forced signature frequency match? You have to take responsibility at the level of awareness to become a coherent vibrational match. Whenever you are trying to cognitively force a match you are not in the state of emanation allowing the natural ways of the universe to naturally fractionalise and align synchronicities, harmony, vibration, frequency with you. AS LONG AS YOU ARE TRYING TO CONTROL THE OUTCOME YOU MISSED THE EXPERIENCE. It is like a song felt in the heart. As a base understanding you have to perceive first and then cognitise what is a natural neutral being versus a being of charge and polarity. Have you ever come across someone who is trying to match your signature frequency? What does it feel like? Kind of sticky, eeky, needy, the dating world would be a good example of that. We are potent and can out-create anything and anyone with the potency of a few blinks if we believe in our potency, with faith in ourself that has self-mastery, discipline and love as its foundations. The system of domination and control is a forced signature frequency match as it uses its foundation to make a prediction model.
Q: What is tacit consent & being sovereign? Tacit consent is when we adhere and fall for their forced evolution in unknowingness You must acknowledge and learn how to own your unseen consenting process. No answer is still an answer. No choice is still a choice. Sovereignty Is the full right and power to be a governing body of one's own self, without any interference from outside sources or bodies seen and unseen, physical and nonphysical. It is your free will expression at all levels of experience. Declarations of Sovereignty and non consent are magic as they undo spells and commitments you made without having full knowledge or memory. Claiming sovereignty will begin to transform your life and allow you to co create in your full capacity as a free willed multi-dimensional, universal being. To be sovereign we must practice free will at all times
Q: What happens in Global Mass Meditations? The SCHUMANN RESONANCE is part of the natural frequency, vibration, harmony signature that allows us to unify or separate as we go through a fractionalisation process. Think of it as a carrier wave for a given region. In the absence of this frequency, we as humans become ill. The same can be said if our personal frequency is too far out of alignment with the resonant frequency of an area. What happens in mass meditations is that these frequencies are spiking, basically just because a lot of beings are hitting their instruments at the same time. This giant wave in the celestial consciousness, which is its own key of creation, allows a greater fractionalisation to make harmony, frequency and vibrational matches.  Many of the subcarrier waves then try to force the main carrier wave to conform. If it does not conform it allows the many others to fall into chaos which is run by the universal key. Long story short the carrier wave has many sub carrier waves that relates to your time-space equation as a 7th or 8th colour time being.  When everyone uses there instruments not all have the same intentions or levels of awareness to impact on the seen and unseen worlds. So stay away from those mass events, keep your vagus nerve tuned up and let the I AM explore consciousness at the scale and size it is ready and prepared for. Those frequency, harmony, vibration matches that are happening a very big scale cannot always perceived, known, understood and made absolute. That is the limitation of consciousness and there are levels of the experience that the consciousness cannot compute. The signature frequency teaching ties into coherence, both on an individual and collective level, so we can actually start creating music instead of just producing noise.
Q: What do you mean when you talk about SACRED NEUTRAL STATE OF AWARENESS? Polarity takes you out of resonance with your natural frequency, harmony, vibration signature. When you feel everything you have the mind overwriting the heart or the other way round and they are no longer in resonance. Sovereign neutral is a state of observation that has no agenda. It is simply there to perceive the information, cognitively understand it but not create stories with it the present moment. The post being, together with your postcognitivie work force, you can use the information and create a story afterwards. Being in the sacred neutral point of view is a living experience that has the potential to create powerful chemical memories that can be powerful light memories that we can go back to and look at and go over in a non-sacred neutral state. We can retain or go back to certain memories only in the sacred neutral state. That’s why I am so consistent in what I do. I can go back to a sacred neutral place because I know there are certain memories I can only perceive and work with in the sacred neutral state. When you are the pure sacred neutral observer and experiencer at the edge of the unknowningness a magical flow of data is accessible to you. It is a state of beingness that requires trust. The I AM is fully 100 in the vagus nerve, fully in the central nervous system, seen and unseen, sympathetic and parasympathetic, all programs are shut off and it allows the experience to instantly create powerful chemical memories and powerful light memories that can have very long lasting effects on the beingness past, present and future. It is a state of true creation. Finding passion through the infinite unlimited point of view without cognitive function behind it always puts you on the edge of the unknown and makes it easy for the unknown to become known. Ponder that!

Q: What is a chemical memory versus a light memory? A person can continuously produce chemical memories, feelings, when stuck in programs at a very low empowered state. As you gain the power of the vagus nerve, any memory that has been layered over and camouflaged with low frequency vibration, can be recalled. We all have the capacity to remember all of our childhood memories, no matter how traumatic or joyful. Chemical memories can be overharvested and lower their frequency of the memory (other I AM memories) whereas memories made in light will continue to re-energise you. Light memories are mystical experience that defines the universe. There is a point in where the experience is so high in frequency, vibration and harmony, where finite chemicals can no longer be sustained. The experience is turned into an infinitely stored in light memory that lights up your consciousness. It is very easy for our consciousness to tune in to this bright light, floating memory in this fractured, fractionalised, unfractured state of beingness. Remember, FEELING IS NOT INTUITION. If you are a feeler you are not using your intuition correctly. You might think you do, but in all reality you are probably stuck in the empath trap. Intuition does not have an agenda, whilst feelings to. RAW INTUTION DOES NOT USE EMOTIONSL INPUT FOR COGNTIVE DATA.
Q: Does chemical memory impact on our homeostasis and synthesis? When the body is overloaded with chemical memory it is then going to continue to produce memories of this finite chemical level. At times you may have a very powerful chemical memory, sex, business… but it is not an ecstatic euphoria that lasts for months. You’ve had experiences that have truly motivated you  and can tell the difference between a finite and infinite experience and memory that just lasts. The programs that we are using generating same old broadcasts that lead to repetition and not illumination. With an overload of chemical memories the programs literally kick us out of the body and we are no longer present which can lead to depression, regression, obsession through entity intra and interaction. Chemical memories are using the body as a permanent storage unit that can create many types of degenerative diseases. We are being of HOMEOSTATIC SYNTHESIS, a state of personal freedom and awareness for growth and the patterns we create are to promote our own evolution with our purpose and place in this world. It is our legacy and birthright to be in synthesis with all there is was and ever will be.
Q: What does being present really mean? Present is a choice in a state where the I AM is inside the body, actively choosing to be in the moment of now, without strategy and agenda, so the infinite moment of now can be I AM realised, processing a state of presence as an ever moment to moment living. This is the I AM being fully in the vagus nerve, the mitochondrial power plants, fully empowered to experience the mighty moment of the now, inside and outside and many other linear and none-linear expressions of time – simultaneous living in the present moment. When you are in the vibration, harmony, frequency alignment out of a non-cognition choice.
Q: How do we impact the cosmos by sending out our energies? It is kind of like when the TV is playing in the background. The frequency of the TV impacts us on some level although we are not really focusing on the specific program. The background noises can make us slightly irritated or eventually can get us to pay attention. It often is far more distracting than we all want to admit. It also has a time-space stamp on it that does not evolve with our internal time-space equation of Roman Numeral Time. Just about everything you see or hear on TV is recorded in the past even most live shows are on a delay. Remember, frequencies are light and light is technology. Any type of sending out light waves can interfere with your or other’s light wave production as it still is unprotected technology. We can be like cell towers but unless we understand our potency, the need for sovereign boundaries and the I AM APEX fortification we are far from acting as protected technology. Many offworlders are here now because of us doing the work. It has affected them in ways we don’t understand as of yet. What we can say is that the universal agency is sending in top quality managers and staffers.
Q: How does communication through HARMONY/FREQUENCY/VIBRATION signature work?
Every communication is multidimensional in universal nature. An expansive communication is based on the BROADCASTER AND THE RECEIVER LOOKING AT THE MATCH OF THE 3 WAY FORMS OF INTERACTION of frequency/vibration/harmony. By talking to one or more in the seen world, a multitude of beings, past and future in the seen and unseen are listening. A high frequency statement can be low in harmony meaning that it creates powerful sparks, not necessarily in the now but later in time for people listening in archives and beyond.

1.  	HARMONY: is related to space and time (a powerful statement creating for the future)
2.  	FREQUENCY: is determining of the spark is going to ignite chemical memory that will evolve into a light based memory.
3.      VIBRATION: determines the length in which the energy explosion stays present in the person in the form of euphoria or dopamine release of something else that keeps the experience going. Vibration creates a resonance or an echo factor inside the human’s central core, central nervous system. Programs are stuck inside traumas, sub echos inside the CNS creating this information that is hard for high or low vibration teachings to get through to the central nervous system. There are times where I am building the energy up in a normal conversation. I am cognitively aware I am raising my frequency, raising my vibration, like tidal waves pounding and all of a sudden the program drops in 30 or 150 people and there is that flood of vibration into them which then creates a chemical response that is not fight, flight, freeze but surrender.

Q: Can we talk about choice with regards to the Signature Frequency? HARMONY/FREQUENCY/VIBRATION creates an equation where the conscious mind is consciously trying to entangle out of choice. That is a separate journey from the journey of charge & polarity. Signature frequency moment of the now has the non-cognition and then the cognition process. There is an agenda us who is always trying to force matches out of choice. Choice is technically trying to force the universe to conform. There are certain choices that are backed with daily practice, blissfulness, joy and all those other things that aren’t really forcing but allowing the spirit of god and the universe source, whatever you want to call it, to work with us and through us in a non-competition process. At that level of co-creation synchronicities can be aligned that create blissful awareness and experiences and we don’t force them out of a need to control.
Q: Could you define FREQUENCY in this context? Think of frequency as the intensity of light emission. So, frequency determines how much ability you have to affect everything that’s in one degree of separation of you on all dimensions, time streams, and existences. the spark, intensity, potency creating a light memory that later solidifies. That potent power of a blink in a middle of a speech that effects everyone. 9 words in a speech, I have a dream MLK… expressing the frequency of him being present in his body, fully in his central nervous system, broadcasting his light out of choice. Frequency will determine how much you can set other beings to by burning fuel, stagnant energy to raise their frequency. It doesn’t come from words but your presence in your body, how much light you are exuding. You can be a high frequency being in a low vibration: you spike, you drop, you spike, you drop. Frequency is an experience but it may not be congnitive experiences with regards to universal vibration and harmony because there is no cognition when you making signature frequency match to the moments of now.
Q: How do we define VIBRATION? Vibration is connected to a period of time. How long can you stay present in your body? The longer waveform, where frequency can spark up high producing a lot of light like a lighthouse, versus your vibration is always putting that much light out. It’s like how much light are you putting out over a longer period of time…. HOW PRESENT YOU ARE AS A DNA INSTRUMENT EXPERIENCE OVER LONGER PERIOD OF TIMES. Technically we can use vibration as the container but the body is an instrument of experience and vibration is an experience too.
Q: What is meant by HARMONY? How you can none cognitively match the environment around you using frequency and vibration and pattern moment to moment to moment in a none-congnitive, none-linear, none pattern recognition way, naturally in harmony with that blade of grass, naturally in harmony with all projections of the natural world to you. You have to go into the none-choice to truly understand frequency, harmony and vibration – it is more than looking at sacred neutral. There is none-cognitive, non-choice part of you that is in this reality that has a base harmony, frequency, vibration that is influenced by how much we are creating experiences in aware or unawareness. Our skinsuits are programmed to harmony – that other 20% - 7% harmony, frequency, vibration and the remaining 13% makes up how spiritual codes and contracts unfold in linear and none-linear time. What agencies you work or don’t work with as well as how non-time beings can consciously entangle with the time based you to create a brand new contract that is need for change, auditing of the self (dark night of the soul)
Q: How can we practice HARMONY/FREQUENCY/VIBRATION ALIGNMENT?  There is all sorts of guided meditation that can help you understand the pendulum of harmony, frequency, vibration that you are, always have been and ever will be. You created a pattern long before you were awake and now you are using  conscious choice to continue this creation and become more aware of the patterns. Balance is acknowledging two sides with a part in the middle saying don’t compete with those sides. Sound Therapy is a very effective tool to work with harmony, frequency and vibration. Have you ever experienced the sound waves created by playing a GONG or singing bowls?  There  you are being bathed in frequency, harmony, vibration. When people have strong reactions in a gong bath it is the frequency emission that can create chaos within them putting their programs on the defence. They can’t really process the information carried by the the sounds, the continuous interchange of authority between them and their programs. It can be challenging to stay in your body throughout such an experience as the programs can keep interfering with your sovereignty rules. Any form of sound, the out loud name it to claim it system, that right away allows you to be a frequency, harmony, vibration via your vocal expression. It is saying to the programs, this is me, in me, for me, as me and you are not me, you are a part of me. When you record and listen to your voice you have to go through the cognition of your own vibration, frequency and harmony as a subconscious match and none-match. Swimming in the ocean, boating on a lake, walking, athletics, sacred places, ceremony, nature…. Are these just conscious or unconscious entanglements or are they experiences beyond chemical finite comprehension ? There are people living next to a sacred place that is constantly effecting them in unawareness. The goal is to get the stagnant electromagnetic energy out of the body to become a match to vibration, harmony and frequency out of a conscious entanglement and disentanglement through a cognitive and non-cognitive process.
Q: How does DENSITY impact our DNA Instrument of experience? Density determines the ultimate power level, micro vaults versus macro vaults. There comes a point where the 7 chakras we are looking at via perception become micro vaults and we access our 8th chakra that becomes macro vaults, the 8th to our 16th chakras becomes micro vaults and then the next level becomes macro vaults as we begin to learn to operate on the different scales of time that require our awareness base to understand the original awareness was in micro vaults, became macro vaults, becomes micro vaults to become a macro vault awareness at the next level of density which allows you access to the lateral dimensions of awareness. There is an infinite amount of dimensions and our DNA skinsuit gives us access  off our DENSITY. Talking about dimension versus density, the more density we have in our embodied state (the more soul shards integrated) the more dimensions we can perceive. Our skinsuits can perceive 50 colours of time which means that if we were 99% on the way to highest form of awareness, awakening as high masters we could perceive tens of thousands of dimensions. Every dimension can have an infinite amount of life form in it or no lifeform but infinite awareness. Not all dimensions have tangible or intangible space or constructs that are sharable and not all dimensions are a hologram either.
Q: Can you elaborate more on the colours of time and the FOETUS OF THE WOMB PROCESS? Our DNA skinsuits have a potential to work within 8 colours and 9 bodies. This would require though consciousness to be willing to drive the DNA experience @ 2000 miles an hour and break the mock barrier. Here we are talking about super LUMINAL THINKING which is your DNA birth right as a DNA lineage being. Whilst you have the technology of super luminal thinking you may not be able to fully explore that just yet. Take a younger soul riding its consciousness @200 miles an hour for a few lifetimes but eventually is going to crash. Currently in our world we are a 7 colour time experiencing world. The vast majority of worlds out there is 2 or 3 colours. A smaller percentage are 4,5 and 6 colour worlds ie Arcturians, Pleiadians they can have multiple frequencies of individual time on the surface of the planet but their worlds don't use roman numeral time. They can use dozens of colours and create more if the factions on the planet choose it. You can have a variety of beings that come to a 7 colour world. Their DNA can only experience 3 colours but their world allows them to have layers of reality. We live in a multi layered UNI WORLD. There are 2 colour experiencing beings right next to you, layered on top of you, aware of you and unaware of you. The rocks, the wall, the blades of grass are life force energy of 2 colour experiencing time. A 3 colour experiencing time might be something like a cricket or a clan of crickets that is actually one soul or a hive of bees that may be two souls in six or seven thousands bees.
Let’s say in the foetus in the womb blueprint process a previous I AM that used to be a 2 colour experiencing being determines that it wants to elevate to a 3,4,5 colour being. It will then go to the astral city soul family related to them in the NORTHPOLE (past) Aurora Borealis and spend time there charting a course of what types of soul families it wants to work with before it transits to the SOUTHPOLE (future) signalling to earth mother to enter the EARTH incarnation grid. There is where it will spend a frequency what is called blue road time in which it comes into the foetus state. It waits for an egg or sperm or seed which has its own technology and chooses the right astral process to become an animated being. As a sperm based being the mother and father create the portal of the lineage and the being that is in the blue road astral time becomes the first spark. The nine month gestation process is where the former 2 colour being learns to experience all 7 colours of time through their parents. That is the first imprint upon the foetus in the womb process. This is why it is so vital as practitioners of your own healing that you return to the foetus in the womb state and once again get communal access to the growth of the blueprint to be able to create changes. Upon birth the foetus forgets everything that happened in the astral worlds, all the programming it has done in the North and South Pole. It no longer remembers that it had access to the earth mother’s incarnation grid and that it planned its life with the tens of thousands of beings and made spiritual contracts to create true and false synchronicities. It no longer is aware of all temporary synchronicities that put it on multiple frequencies or timelines because this is a 100 % free willed universe. Free for all denizens where the domination and control exists, tries to predict our life journeys whilst we learn to plan big and long term.
Q: Can you say more on the prediction of us through the system? The system gets to read your spiritual contracts that you are making with everyone else and makes a prediction of how effective you are going to be at it and it is going to put things in your way called karmas. Karmas are a repetition process that usually have no illumination as the system wants to make sure that the foetus in the womb is working extra hard during the nine months where it has infinite access to all the physical beings in and out of manifestation until its birth. This is the time of the greatest amount of light where this being can be in service and contribution to a master collective of beings of light who are still an uncollective during the time of the initial spark’s creation. That leads to the great forgetting and the living and growing of beings in mass processes in which we are creating new generations of beings who are now existing with race amnesia. The system has been selectively redating aspects of history so there is not a common colloquial representation to rely on thus why the mandala effect is a consequence in retribution for those that are manipulating the natural order. We are now getting to the point of evolution of this particular world where the previous systems of control, the apparatus of domination and control, can no longer predict what that previous 2 colour time being was going to do in its infinite state of prediction and blueprint.
Q: What can we do as conscious beings on the path of consciousness exploration to inspire change? Lead a life path where consciousness exploration is a protected sacred ritual for your future selves in which you are a discerned practitioner of discipline. By doing these things here in the now you are affirming and confirming to the unseen world you are ready for the next layer of unfolding. The more responsibility you take for your own awareness the more you impact on the consciousness of millions of global beings. Stop smoking the ‘hopium’ pipe and allow your authentic truth, that your inner genius can spark forward at any moment in time to wow this world with a song, inspiring words, artwork, or a business. Do whatever you desire with such force and impact on the self that the world will look your way, be inspired and empowered by your contributions. It is all about living as sovereign masters in the sacred neutral, creating multiple hubs of interconnectivity, being joyful and compassionate whilst living and creating without end. We are all in it for the universal conscious community to win it. How can we use the system against itself? I will go and learn about what makes this world a greater place as part of my inner martial arts discipline as the eternal student and self-illuminated master no longer dependent on external gurus but seeking peers as true impeccable teachers in my reality.
Q: How does faith feature in the consciousness exploration journey? Faith is a choice as it is part of consciousness, part of our responsibility of being the architect of our reality. Faith also have the sides of it that are non-choice. There are those moments where faith propels us onto to the bridge of experience and puts us on the other side instantaneously, which gives us a powerful experience in light memory which we call metaphysical. A near death experience, a person who was an atheist comes out and has now faith in god and the other side. That cleared out all of the negative programming that is around the non-judgemental belief programming. Faith on the non-agenda level. Spirit and faith is working through us and not against us. It is our judgment and condemnation that make us think that the universe is working against us. It is choice until surrender to spirit is no longer choice but an extended flow of experience. We can choose to stop the experience at any time but we don’t.

FEELINGS & ENERGY HARVESTING:
Q: How do feelings lower the harmonic wavelength? Very carefully, certain feelings have a certain vibration that you put out that alters your light. Anger can raise your frequency and your vibration but it will push things away from you or will look at matching something with you so that anger goes from you into something and back into you… getting back into the law of charge and polarity. This then makes you a perfect subject for energy harvesting or negative thoughts, feelings, creation of internal demons. Once you step out of the zone that you could be harvested it means your daily practice has meant something to you over  a period of time that creates a vibration in you that is ever present that denies low vibration but high frequency beings interfering with you.
Q: What do you mean by HIGH FREQUENCY AND LOW VIBRATION INTERFERENCE…. Negative beings can be high frequency beings and low vibration. They hit us with a high frequency wave, we respond to and then they lower our frequency to their level. Let’s say you have a person that is not in charge of their I AMness, has a ghost in them that is hungry, and it influences you to blow up at you in a road rage incident sending all this toxic rage at you. As soon as you scream back form most people they have already entangled with it and the interfering being is feeding off both sides through the exchange of charge and polarity -  a high frequency exchange of charge and polarity.
Q: How does one respond to a high frequency, low vibration interference? When the energy hits you from a high consciousness being you can respond in many different ways and you don’t have to exchange energy. And that’s just a choice that you make as an intention. There is baby and adult intention and then a practiced disciplined person over time can make this at a choice all the time.  Just who you are can out-vibrate a person and that usually triggers competition in the other person. Non-competition, non-hierarchy, as a state of emanation is a state of out vibrating and out creating them so that their energies can’t stick and force an exchange of force and polarity. Understanding why other people act the way they do you are empathetically entangling with them. Theses are those false synchronicities that we are creating within ourselves where we are not realising that we empathise with them in order to understand them. IF YOU THINK YOU WON’T BE ABLE TO STAND A WORLD IN WHICH LIVING IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN UNDERSTANDING THEN GIVE UP MAGIC NOW. Most of the time understanding is a very limited form of experience. It’s a micro part of a greater memory and often understanding leads us into curiosity learning because we use it in the mechanical form albeit indoctrinated through the global narrative of having to understand each other.

CHAPTER VIII: CONSCIOUSNESS EXPRESSED THROUGH COMMUNICATION & LANGUAGE
Q: How does language and consciousness work together? The DNA instrument of experience uses consciousness to convert light into sound to create memories. We perceive, receive, interpret, store and express ourselves in words that are codes, multidimensional patterns what we call language. Language is a learned individual aspect and experience where we technically are using the 20% part of our DNA.
You may know multiple languages,  speak in one language but process and think in another until you become fluent. As a skilled linguist you can speak seven or eight languages and easily switch between them. Language is a form of communication, consciousness being expressed verbally, emotionally and physically. The written word is light information stored in ink and it may take hundreds of thousands of years for the data to be perceived as light again. Language is a choice beyond cognition. It is the currency – a current energy voltage going through you.  It is a medium to express oneself and yes sometimes there are many currents going back and forth like in an opera, where there is singing and dancing that are accentuating and punctuating and making the language far more interpretive. The interpretation of the music, the parameters of the lyrics, the voice and the resonance. We think in perfect sentences but there was a time when we were learning languages and we struggled to find the perfect sentence but it still all made sense in our head. The light of our mind, that is in the pureness of our consciousness knows what it is trying to say and it translates it from light into sound accurately. Syntax and sense can be independent of each other: “colourless green ideas sleep furiously”. It doesn’t have to make sense to feel good. The light has been modified with the intonation process to create more light. So, let’s say MLK: I have a dream, I have a dream,…. Taken out of context it means not much but in context I have a dream for a unified world.  SYNTAX, when used correctly, allows the actual intonation process to create these flashes of light, that will then create more flashes of light.
We can perceive memories in light not just as a chemical memory. We live in a world of quotes and there are many texts that have jumped thousands of generations. How many quotes from 2000 years ago are still relevant today? How many quotes jump generations? How music jumps generations, Pink Floyd, Metallica – they were great performers. Their music was transformative over generations of time. This is when we talk about the light encoded memories we decipher and encode, the super illuminal thinking comes in. Behind the words in a quote is the consciousness that created them and the other consciousness that has used and reused them to make an impact. You can call our libraries the uncollected collective. Even though they are collected in one place and adhere to the dual decimal system before they were put onto the internet etc. As a reader of any text you read between the lines, you become part of the creation of what it took to create a book.
Q: The significance of grammar and flow? Grammar is all about how sentence flow together to create a sensation. Diagramming sentences, the breaking up and assembling of the words, the nouns, the pronouns so you understand the mathematics of creating a sentence in English at that particular time.  That alone does not make you a good talker or writer. You still have to be able to authentically emanate the words it is more like the nature of teaching.
Technically, language is spacial awareness. The spacial positioning of the letters that create words doesn’t need to be a mathematical formula that has the power of cognition behind it. This is why grammar and syntax are the consciousness’s way of adding a lot more intuitive wisdom into the statement itself, adding more to the code. When you look at words in waveforms, sound waveforms you can see patterns that look like the DNA intertwinement. Technically when we are talking we do exchange DNA, light at a higher perspective level. DNA changes through the observation, interaction between different types of consciousness and everyone allows a different layer of change. There are certain phrases that can put a shock into a person’s system and send them on the track of enlightening understanding or down a darker path. It all depends on the level of programs the person run on how they receive the flow of data.
Adding myth to language is a whole different process and then the subsequent trees of energy that are around myth and how we empower them. Language has its own consciousness. When you are open to going to the edge of unknowingness and you remain in a steady easy flow you allow knowingness to shine through your words and sounds. Let’s use the state of the child. If they are in a learning state and they are exploring, words, places, positions often they have focus, a strategy behind as they understand placement, position and timing. Some children are self-learners how do you know these words? The language in the text, in the light reflected something onto the supra genius that exists within language and annunciation itself. If you hit an annunciation perfectly it creates a euphoric feeling within you – there is an actual dopamine journey behind owning that fluent form. Where there are no barriers, the language becomes the instinct and pattern recognition. A child is listening long before they are speaking.
Q: Does thought create language or language create thought? Consciousness creates all of that. There are subsections within language, the conversation of language that allows consciousness to have many different forms of expression. A thought in a conversation is fluid. I don’t know what I am going to say next but I have an intention behind it by continuing my conversation that maintains a conscious state of focus to continuously create form of light into sound, light into sound creating a lasting memory that I can cognitively understand the nature of our conversation. Thoughts can be stimulated by words, and at times they are not. Take a CONVERSATIONAL TERRORISTS who brings up emotional subject matters that take away from the focus of what you are trying to get to. An avoidance mechanism stopping their consciousness from being a part of the thought and the programs are running thought language not the consciousness. They are having well-versed programs taking over beyond their cognitive choice.
Q: Learning a new language – the mechanics of creating words and sounds?  You are looking at the mathematical journey of structure. Mastering the body’s annunciation and conjugation journey by using intonation, the starting and stopping of the nasal process. There is a mathematical formula about mastering the tongue, the nose, the throat, lips and how the innate body language of each language effects the intonation journey. It is a micro understanding how fluent energy works together with all those pieces and parts. The Inhalation of air from the lungs, the trachea, the larynx, the vocal cords, the force of the tongue, the nose manipulating the sounds to make intonation resonance with the lung. With certain words the sound resonates from the lungs to our nose. The subtleties on how the wind form the lungs is being used is intricate to the language. All of those mechanics is what makes learning a new language difficult.
Q: What is the significance of the tongue when it comes to communication? The tongue is the second organ that gets created after the heart. The tongue takes the vibration direct from the heart and sends it to the tip of the tongue so that heart vibration is the base of our language. The tongue is also emanating an energy that we perceive in light, just there is a morse code the position and placement of the tongue and teeth creates a piezoelectric effect on the teeth which creates an electromagnetic effect in the body which is all that unseen energy of expression. By just talking to people I can tell from the electromagnetic impulses that are coming in if the person is present or not. Another part of the medical intuition journey is to determine programs, self-created demons, internal demons, external demons as there is all different electromagnetic impulses coming through. The roof of your mouth has three plates to it and they determine how all the chi is spread over your body. If they are very tight and you have a sunk nasal passage there is an occupying presence that is taking away from the greater you to express. The sinus and those three plates create a vibration, a completion of your expression. If something is being hijacked it will be in the roof of the mouth and the nasal passage. The tongue is like a morse code, where it is tapping it is creating electromagnetic signalling which the brain is receiving as language. The heart is sending the language through the tongue and the brain receives it.
Q: What do you mean by holographic language? There are conversation where you go beyond the five senses which is the holographic perception of the language suspended in people’s consciousness as they are processing it. Some people process faster than others. Slow processors have a better understanding of the subject matter in the long run because they don’t allow themselves to be overwhelmed by the data, or overprocess and don't miss nuances.
Q: How do aliens perceive our language? We are technically analog speakers who are trying to achieve a dual process, being analog and a digital thinker simultaneously whereas the offworld species no longer operate in binary coding. They can think from many different perspectives which allows them to have a greater understanding of the unlimited point of view. As we are coming out of the infancy of our understanding of the unlimited point of view our language can be multidimensional at a basic leven and still be expressive in many dimensions and perceptions. They are waiting for us to come out of our limitation the language imposes on us because the global narrative doesn’t allow the language to evolve into a multidimensional thinking capacity.
Q: How can we make our language more multidimensional? Add emojis and don’t be limited to the 26 letters of alphabet that we have now. What would a new letter look like? Start adding smiley faces to the language, symbols to modify what you are saying. Children create a new language all the time and it is the previous generation trying to understand the modern generation’s language which comes to the term the COLLOQUIAL NOW. The colloquial now includes the MYTH that the modern generation know, perceive and use. The colloquial now is ever evolving and new myths are created all the time which impact on the language and many people don’t know the new myths. There are lot of people still thinking DVDs will come back and some have yet to figure out CDs. They are all done, there is no future market for them as we can’t stop the evolution. We are already creating a multidimensional language. How can we do it even more cognitively and make our own language, linguistic samples? The modern kids are naturally using the power of myth to create intentionality by communicating in movie quotes.
Q: How does communication and language impact on our aura? Lightworkers have bastardised auras. They want to simplify it and make you think you can understand it instantly. Your aura is an ever evolving process that is impacted by language which effects a series of patterns within patterns that determine why the colours are there or not there. Auras are an adaptive system and many people can actively deceive you by making their aura go one way and think another. Why do you think lying works? So many people say why doesn’t a psychic know they are being lied to? You have to understand the perceptions of colour. Does that person believe that he or she is not doing any harm by lying in the very moment they do? It is a camouflage for all sorts of negative reasons. If the light worker community would stop bastardising the colour teaching we would understand why lying works. We’d have a much better chance of perceiving it in the moment. Some can hear lies. We all have a bullshit detector and sometimes it needs an upgrade. Some people’s capacity of broadcasting bullshit is good and we need to stay out of charge and polarity, which is the main influencer why lying works. Con artists manipulate your own charge and polarity and you fall into the victimhood trap.
Q: What do you call a conversational terrorist and how can we counter one? For a conversational terrorist their point of view is the only one that counts. People will often delude themselves into believing their own words and present them as a gospel truth. They are trying to disrupt your thoughts and see everything through a right and wrong perspective. They keep babbling without making much sense and try to lure you into emotional outbursts or defeat. Best way of dealing with a person like that is to shut your energy field down and increase your light manyfold so that they can’t suck your energy. It will return their poison as they can’t handle that high frequency light. Learn how to manipulate the energy of a conversation without stepping on someone’s journey by out vibrating them and without allowing them to harvest your vibration. You can use body language to innately fortify yourself without them ever recognising what you are doing. You can nullify the demon inside the other person by making them repeat something so difficult that they cannot cognify it so that the soul has to come in for a moment and then chuck out the rest. Laughter is always the best tool to avoid getting harvested. Reverse the frequency which will infuriate them and make them speechless even if just for a moment. Don’t fall prey to their astral minefields where you think you should have said this or that as it puts you into charge and polarity. You have to know what the nature of you is in the moment and what is required. A conversational terrorist is trying to kick you out of the body. Am I talking to the program or the person, what is the difference? Stop giving all your data and information to those who can’t or want to hear it. The universe has a special plan for all those who are stuck in this self-delusion. Trust the universe, and stop investing into those that are so self-deluded that there is nothing you can say to change them in the moment. The more you work within the rules of your personal sovereignty through daily rituals, monthly ceremonies, weekly hindsight and foresight the less you will encounter people that.
 THE SPIRITUAL MECHANICS OF COMMUNICATION & HEALING
 Q: What are some of the mechanics you can share with us when it comes to multidimensional communication, facilitation and healings? Ok, let’s talk about what I do when I have a client or caller that comes with defensive energies. I have to raise my frequency and go into a super sacred neutral state with the intention to not entangle and out vibrate that person and the audience. I am doing all of that at the same time. In order to out vibrate the audience I find the highest frequency being, that is listening past/present/future because the show will be an archive for future listeners, and I exceed it by a hundred fold. Whenever that defensive person is speaking his or her words are not able to stick to my vibration and frequency as I am not holding their charge and polarity. Right away the universal laws allow immediate cognition of the past, present and future beings who are in a conversation with me and allows me to see them like an open book. I have to consciously turn pages and that is me probing and asking questions to set the stage for them to create lasting memories. Ultimately what I am doing with the skill is figuring out what is going to stick in the caller’s memory and then in everyone that is listening. Every individual person will have something that applies to them, a memory that will last more than six months – that’s my goal. That puts the responsibility back to the callers and listeners to take it on or not.

Q: What is the difference between a normal Andrew reading and a hotseat in a group setting? The flame is hotter in helping a person to see what needs to change in more depth. In a group setting there is also the learning aspect for the participants as well as the contributions. The one in the hotseat needs to take full responsibility to be roasted. Everyone in the group has to be totally present. What is different for you Andrew? There is a major difference when I have a group of people as I will bring up a more involved context. I talked about these healing groups where you have a few people in the background and one is doing hands-on work where I bring in galactic doctors and hands-on psychic surgeons, as part of the hub of interconnectivity, to the crown chakra of the practitioner. When there is a room of people holding space for the practitioner and the person going through the healing with the intention of bringing all the collective doctors of the galaxies and universe to your awareness in a non-competitional format. All of their wisdom is there and in these hotseats I am doing that and each person that is present is connected to their galactic healing entourage and they become a mass of a collective that can make the surgery very easy.
Once the person in the hotseat is in an empowered state he or she can tap into the collective of empowered healers and do the work. Readings are different depending on if the person is ready for that level of healing. In the hotseat I am trying to get the receiver of the hotseat to take over the collective of wisdom that is there and to apply it through their own actions and words, be a guide for them to confirm whatever needs confirming and have the rest of the group can add their own evaluation to some of the other aspects as each person of the group is also tuning into the collective of guardians and psychic surgeons and getting their own thing out of it.
In a standard reading I am not putting the hub of interconnectivity into the person’s responsibility layer. There are times when I am dealing with a uniquely potent powerful person that has been avoiding their power for a very long time and that is what their soul has actually contracted me to do. I put the weight of responsibility to be in the body and use the skill to have a sample of what it feels like so they can determine afterwards if the memory sticks and they want to follow through to actually have the experience, being super psychic on their own. If the person is not ready bringing in the hub of interconnectivity it could be harmful. It would be me stepping on their journey. It can be easily weaponised against the rest of the universe.
Q: In your shows you talk about THE WHEEL OF CALLERS? Your DNA skinsuit is designed for and because I am doing shows that are generally transformative my frequency, vibration and harmony with non-cognitively is a part of every caller – THE WHEEL OF CALLERS. It creates its own form of synchronicities. I don’t pick the callers, I don’t influence that. That is allowing the universe to be a part of fully allowing the evolving teachings. I am not competing with that as it has its own agenda of what people need in the moment of now. That is bringing the law of frequency, vibration and harmony right into everyone’s face. Lots of callers teaching others at the same time.
Everything I can do you guys can do with enthusiastic mastery and effort with practice and getting over instant gratification. Not to give callers the satisfaction of validation for what is not real. The worst thing I can do as a super illuminal being is give them fake validation, that is not authentic. Everyone has their own wisdom. A question opens up the energy, disburses stagnant energy so that they can start thinking for themselves again. Consciousness is choice. Through daily practice over many years I can bring high frequency vibration and harmony to a show. I can work with a caller and adjust my signature frequency to what is required in the moment taking the multidimensional implications into account which gives me great flexibility of my performance whilst staying  sovereign, unentangled and in my authentic truth.
Q: What are you doing on a multidimensional level when you are inviting the audience in the chatroom to write something? The 68 people in the zoom and the 58 that are typing  what is it doing to the energy in the archive a month from now even though the people in the archive cannot see what is being typed right now.  It challenges them on some level. What is it doing to the energies of those present now who are technically present a month from now? Their post cognitive workforce is bringing energy in and the people that are listening in a month from now is experiencing each and everyone of our energies just by looking for the chatroom even  he can’t see it in the archives. Each and every person here now will have a post cognitive experience and a precognitive experience for all those typing right now for all of those who are going to listen in a month from now wondering about the individual people on the show now. So the people that will listen in a month can you type something now to the audience of the past. The present show audience can go into the youtube video after the show and type something for the people in the future. It is that easy to manipulate time.
Q: How do you know when to say what to a client or caller without stepping onto their sovereignty? When there is a question I am not supposed to answer because they are not ready my 3rd eye moves backwards. The information comes forward out of their reality and my 3rd eye processes it as a projection back to them. This is how I know what not to say to them, like I am not supposed to tell them as they are too unevolved in their practice that it will harm their journey. It would be like stepping on their journey. My 3rd eye acts as a filter or a mirror on who can receive what kind of information depending on the level of their awareness. People can only take on feedback on what their level of awareness is ready to take on. It is almost like my body is telling me when to divulge information or not. You have to learn how to communicate with people and meet them where they are at. In my shows the potentiality of what I can say is getting bigger unless you hear me say I just broke the rules. A question posed to them instead will always assist them to start untangle the problem from within as in truth we all do have our own answers. There is a fine line in stepping on someone else’s journey in awareness or unawareness, conscious choice or unconscious choice. Are you doing it out of vengeance or, as a parent, out of love based discipline or rather triggered by the ancestral lineage where one can be overwhelmed by the ancestral energies. The avalanche of abuse comes down onto the child creating trauma, which again would have also been set up the child through spiritual contracts. Whatever you do, are you doing it with the intention to harm behind it versus unconscious repetition caused by the absence of individual sovereign strength to break and transcend those ancestrally handed down energies? The position of information would ultimately uncover if it was raw creativity or if it is the infinite celestial code. A lot of times when I am writing, solely for the joy of writing I would add lines everywhere, getting thoughts down in a unique, communicate creative flow versus a flow in a session which is a completely different mechanics.
Q: Communication is so much more than just the words we use?  The entire body gets involved when communicating and often the voice cuts out. Words make up the least significant part of our rapport, probably less than 10%. The rest is expressed through our tonality as in tone, tempo timber, volume of the voice & physiology as in posture, gesture, breathing, facial expressions, blinking of the eyes. I often use the hand positions when going through dense material, using the streams of light in my hands to examine the field and the strands I want to connect to. It is like moving the sheets of information around to get to the specific data faster, a way of determining sub information and how that effects the whole. It is almost like I am using the hands to complete a spiritual process.
Q: How are we using our eyes and 3rd eye to communicate? We are usually accessing information through our eyes. The more we observe ourselves on recordings we can get a better understanding of how the body positions itself naturally to give certain experiences. In the eye generation journey your 3rd eye is the projector and your mind is the receiver of data allowing you to generate thought constructs from the hologram. Remember the SUN JOURNEY MEDITATION where the two eyes activate the 3rd eye. The position of the eyes activates the 3rd eye. The 3rd eye then grabs information out of the field which you can sense omnidirectionally around you. The instrument of experience grabs it from a position in space time. Some people have difficulties to connect through eye contact. They have a stare or look away pattern that indicates that they are not really in the body or ready to leave any moment. A glazed look can also be very positive as in changing the resonance frequency to find matched information. Deep simultaneous gaze & glace can be a searching for a message back in time for the person that will be a signature frequency match for them going forward into the future into a branch of time in which the information mentioned has been stored in memory long enough to create a change. On the negative side it can also mean we are denying matches and reflecting them back out. Haunted people cannot hold a gaze which is quite common. When people are in love and are looking into each other’s eyes their pupils dilate through their auric energy. This helps them to gain an independent appreciation for their energy as the eyes dilate to take in more light and create a denser energy. That would be situation where you find yourself at the edge of leaving the chemical memory state. The position of the corneas in the eye sockets determine what the eyes can perceive versus the brain. The 3rd eye can take in excess data, it has rods and cones just like your regular eyes and they can go omnidirectional whereas our eyes are limited to our front 170 degree line of sight.

Q: What are the mechanics when using LIGHT LANGUAGE? When I am speaking light language it is all about what the throat chakra is doing. All of my senses observing the vocal patterns that the reality is observing through the throat chakra. The knowingness is in the heart but the completeness of the manifestation, just like with any other skill, the final manifestation is in the voice, the throat chakra. I am setting a tone and a frequency. There will be people who don’t know what that language is but they know there is an intonation and a body language and an auric field that is interacting with it is also giving off psychic information that is also the sign form of light language. So when you are light language speaking you are using all parts of your body for the final manifestation for how the reality interprets it as an observer or an unentangled observer. That is the other side of light language you can speak to unentangled observers and be unentangled yet they still get their point across.
You have that right at all times to speak to them. That is the I AM presence apex of this hierarchical order and experience to use these words of command to be in dominion, or communion and union with beings. When beings are not in dominion, communion and union their light language is greatly reduced and only the highest versions of their light bodies can perform the greatest of their tasks. So when you have a being that is using much more light bodies that is much more in communion and union they have much more access to light languages. When your light bodies are calibrating more with I am presence the access of engaging these types of languages through your soul and the voice box becomes easier. The translation is more free flowing, without a verbatim translation. That equation setting has moments of harmony were several phrases before you speak light language can get changed and modified, the expression of photonic light. So I am giving codes to light itself to change an expression, much like a kaleidoscope opening and closing a specific pattern. And I can make multiple sets and patterns throughout the entire conversation. It is almost we remember how to use the frequencies of the voice, intonations to effect reality.
Q: What happens when we are reading out loud? People often can’t annunciate words because their shadow is stopping them, taking out the clarity of the language. When we reading out loud is a way to see and perceive of the programs that don’t want change within us. We are coming into the present moment, I AM in the vagus nerve and starts chucking out programs. Have you ever been into a book you are no longer reading the words and it’s like they are existing in your head? Being transported beyond the words.
QUANTUM LINGUISTICS & MILLION LETTER ALPHABET …..?

CHAPTER IX: DREAMTIME AWAKENING
Q: What is the Earth’s DREAMTIME AWAKENING? The original purpose of earth was linked into the dreaming mind of all solar systems so all karma could be resolved in the dreaming mind of earth. All beings who were on their home worlds and their astro worlds found a rainbow gateway to earth in which they could dream and regain their akashic experience of who they were. We are connected to all dreaming minds of this universe, and our only limitation is our creativity. The more creative you are the more infinite you will be.
 WE ARE STILL CREATING KARMA BUT IT’S NOT AN INFINITE AMOUNT and no matter what we are creating it won’t reach the infinite state again. Think of it as additional time in a football game, no one knows when it is going to end and we are on shoot outs. The Galactic Ascension Machine has finished and we have created a zero sum game for them. Domination and control cannot outcreate the 7+ billion of us no matter how hard they try. It is done, choose to step out of the matrix and focus onto your bubble of reality and dreamtime. Whatever creates joy and abundance for you are the new energies of creation in the now. There is a sense of entitlement in the spiritual communities that is misleading. This is an individual awakening and we will have to come together as a collective until enough people have woken up. We have to create our own bubbles of reality and hold our own frequencies to shed the old skins. The understanding of the signature frequency teaching as well as the significance of our dreaming bodies in this process and how it all fits into our collectives at any particular moment in time can create a universal exchange energy for completion.
Q: What are dreamtime societies? Dreamtime Societies are connecting us to the mind of the universe to improve our evolution as universal beings. They don’t operate via borders, these are portals and synapses to bring information from other dimensions and worlds. They operate via signature frequency which creates the connections, separations and societies, synchronicities that are aligning synchronicities into a theme.
Q: What do we do in dreams and how do we interact with those dreamtime societies?
-        EV/INVOLUTIONARY DTS: Every set of themes creates a set of evolution, involution – those dreamtime societies help potent souls who want to go onto potent dreamtime journeys, such as  enter tens of thousands of places simultaneously to expand their own dreamtime capacity.
-        LOCAL DTS: Then there is the dreamtime of your local city, your country, each of those are different layers of being in a society that is trying to understand evolution, forced evolution in many other subject matters.
-        TRIBAL DTS: There are other dreamtime societies your guides and guardians and religions are part of.
-        ANCESTRAL DTS: When we reach that next level where we working high quality dreaming frequencies and doing missions we working with the astral dream world to create a benefit for the seven past and future generations
-        CELESTIAL DREAM TIME SOCIETY: When we are really superior at dreams we go into the HOLLOW EARTH, the dreaming body of EARTH where she achieves a dream state where she invites other societies from other places, spaces, frequencies, in time to be part of the hub of interconnectivity. Just her dreaming with many other planets simultaneously
Q: Can we choose which society to dream with? Self Mastery is key and will lead to having excursions in the dream world that will have benefits to many dream time societies. We can’t really consciously choose to who we travel with as we haven’t achieved full sovereignty in our dreamworld but we are not limited to what our society tells us. You can claim your sleep time and not be affected your nation’s borders. Revocations only go so far to get you out of mediocrity and then you need to create beyond probably not just in language but art work, with fire and s. Joy is the main river, allow the synchronicities to flow.
Q: What happens when we have overlayered dreams? Certain dreamtime societies help us evolve, involve our next layer, where you are dreaming in many places at once. The purpose is to prove it as a soul that you can do it and the I AM is the direct manifestation to showing the universe that is has happened. It is to validate the great dreamtime awakening to other dreamtime societies who have lost faith that it is coming. A multitude of residual images of undealt emotions calling forth for remedy and resolve. And some residual images need a residual time and that’s why many of them feel layered over. Those time gaps are synchronistic manifestations of multiple time frequencies in a dream. That’s the uniworld, all forms of thoughts, concepts and perceptions layered on top of each other. Different timelines that are not co-dependent on each other, they are each a by product of themselves. We can choose the ala carte system what we want to work on each day. Make the dreaming body a  non-agenda, discipline, co-operation, non-competition, non-hierarchical order by starting at a finite place and connect to the infinite. We can also take short kitty naps with the intention to enter multiple dream states, use Triptophane or ritual prayer to get back to sleep in case of insomnia.
Q: How do we use our DREAMING BODY Drive to manifest? We can use dreaming to resolve karma and install dharma by footing the frequency where karma can no longer hold us back but propel us into creating dharma.  You can make literally manifest in the dreamworld, a solidified memory, that is an actual tangible mind space process where you making tangible dream weave frequencies that are in your photonic light memories you can use to work with.  In order to do that you have to let go of control and expectations. Dream energies can get stuck in the intestinal tract depending on what your journey has been. If you can’t remember your dreams that is often a clue.
The world is in your face so much that your dream frequency is not allowed to perculate more of your awareness. It is important that you have a disciplined approach before you go to sleep and before you wake up – those 10 minutes before you get up are yours. It can be the greatest potency of discipline to reclaim yourself and saying no to your parasympathetic instantly ripping you out of theta into the alpha state. You can also choose to go back to sleep and back in the dream. There is no cookie cutter occasion to defining a dream and remind yourself your mind loves to fill in the blanks. We have been sharing dreams since before there was a society.
Q: Can you talk about the Earth’s dreaming body and our relationship with it? We are all part of earth’s dream. We don’t live in her dreaming body, she’s got her own. We live on her physical body but she is simultaneously dreaming with every living being to create a physical body. When we choose to be part of our dreamworld and engage with different dreamtime communities, organisations, societies on the surface world we become part of her mid or high theta dreaming frequency. When we reach that next level where we working high quality dreaming frequencies and going on missions we are working with the astral dream world to create a benefit for the seven past and future generations. We are dreaming with the CELESTIAL DREAM TIME SOCIETY when we get really superior at dreams we go into the HOLLOW EARTH,  the dreaming body of EARTH where she achieves a dream state and invites other societies from other places, spaces, frequencies, in time to be part of the hub of interconnectivity – just her dreaming with many other planets simultaneously. Her dreaming body is in the Inner Earth and we get access to it when we have done our due diligence and self mastery work. The surface of the world is in mid-hight theta, light delta lucid sleep state. When we enter the LUCID DREAMING STATE, as awakening aware beings we can make powerful manifestations within ourselves and the energies around us. The state of mother Earth’s dreaming body is perfect. There is no need to project unhealthiness onto the EARTH. She’s got a few aches and pains as we are reaching galactic weather triggering arthritis but she isn not that old either to not cope well with it..
Q: How can we connect energetically to that dream space? Self-Mastery! Part of self-mastery is learning about what your internal agenda is and understand how we can change this internal agenda through more and advance mastery to explore all the infinite possibilities that are available to us. Retrieving the files, following the map in the skull.  When you activate your crown chakra you activate a million Aurora Borealis thus the dreaming frequency. When we are expelling from our rectum, which is the opposite of the third eye, we are getting the negative dreaming frequencies stuff out of us. Start connecting in meditation to the seven past and future generations through the North and South Pole.
Q: Do we ever lose our dreamtime memories? It all depends how much energy is behind a memory. The amount of energy behind a memory to be manifested from a dream has a certain limitation. Sometimes the amplitude, the maximum vibration is very high but the frequency, the charge isn’t. When we wake up we can add charge and amplitude to it so it becomes manifested. The nervous system plays part in short circuiting the memory process. It is downloaded in the DNA but not always highlighted enough hence hard to find.
Q: How do algorithms connect to dreamtime? Algorithms are a continuous infinite string of perceptions and numbers in which a DNA instrument of experience processes into many different colours of time and space. A human being is a data processing machine, the skinsuit that you wear is the technology, the dreaming world provides for the infinite energy to come into the body to be processed and manifested. We are here to experience NOW, we are clearing the past, to start experiencing the overlay of past, present, future in the moment of now.
Q: What are the dreamtime mechanics with regards to the WESTERN DOOR OF PERCEPTION? The Western doorway of perception opens up for you to see, feel and know where your dreams need to be put. We have a cellular memory that gets stored in the body. The actual skeleton is the biggest data storage device that you have. Your actual skull cap, that encases your brain, has a crystalline structure within where your dreams and heart memories are stored with the brain being an access machine to use it. There are times when you are in an intensive dream, you come out and that data area is completely full. You must move that type of information to another part of your body. After some stage you have them stored all over the body and that’s why you go through these sudden remembrances at times. You think of a person, it’s because the cellular memory became active and triggered a certain information that needed to be put back in its place because its code had gotten so long and makes the system run very slow. A human being is a data processing machine, the skinsuit that you wear is the technology, the dreaming world is the infinite energy, the finite energy comes into the body. Where we cross over from our dreamworld into the physical world is where you can learn about the mechanics of how your dreams are stored. To understand those few moments you have infinity before your mind accepts finite concepts is where you are downloading information from your processing brain and understanding heart into your physical body that your cellular memory is. That is the ultimate concept about the western doorway, where is this information being stored in you.
Q: What do we need to do to use to access the dreaming information?
1.  	Challenge yourself upon wakening. Can you identify your dream, stay in dreamtime? When you hit the snooze button and fall back into your dream you are processing infinity. The brain and heart is processing at a much faster rate, trying to identify points in space and time. There are no such in the infinite space, the mind creates those to perceive and understand it. When you work with DREAMTIME SOCIETIES they create a foundation for the brain to function in. that is called mapping the pathways of past, present, future shamans. When they map these pathways it means your soul group has connections to that point and you are allowed to bring the brain perceptions outside of your body, in the dreamworld, so that you can process, learn.

TOTEM Guides, animal medicine, spirit guides who set up the structure for your to learn to communicate with those worlds. This communication is where you are speaking form your heart and your mind is in perfect sink with your heart because during that infinite moment where your heart is connected to the fullness of the spirit world.
In the foetus of the womb, the very first thing that comes forward is your heart. In the heart is a piece of brain matter, the very first concept of your brain and as your body expands, you make a spinal column and a head, the heart separates into two and new brain is formed by the time reaches 20/30 weeks. As the dreamworld infinite you, you found a mother and a father, you’ve gone in, you start out as a heart, your throat, your crown chakra forms and you are still linked to your heart.
 2.  	Keep your body and mind healthy and in homeostasis. Our dreaming body lives in our organs, between the root, sacral chakra and just a little bit above, it does not exist in your head. When you begin to enter a dream state, you drop the three top chakras into the solar plexus. The human body turns off and goes into sleep paralysis. LUCID DREAMING is when all the upper chakras are in the sacral chakra building up this wave pattern before going into the root. This is where you have the sacred, mental moment where you say I want to lucid dream. This is how you battle the programming, the autopilot. All your consciousness into the root, blossoming like a flower, opening over and over and like the Mandelbrot send creates a prism of energy. Like a crystal reflecting the light, that is the beginning of your dreamstate. At the very beginning of your dreamstate is where you set the rules of how you want to remember, you have total control over your cellular memory at that point.
It is the time where the programmer comes in and says, the pain in my back needs to be healed and you can now work on your relationship with off world. Once the root chakra has been programmed  it comes up and you have dream travel, where you enter dreamtime, dreamworlds, where you look to your cellular memories, dreamtime maps, dreamtime compass, that allows you to see the dreamtime houses that are out there so you may project your dreamtime body to these thoughts and experience all these thoughts with all of your mind.
Q: What is it when people show up on your dreams? When people show up in your dreams two things are happening. It is a self-revelation dream where your own self has recreated a residual image of something or somebody that is meant for a specific teaching or you are sharing actual dream space with that person. It usually is the first and otherwise you are not sharing a reality but an expression of an experiental body that is out of phase with the I AM presence self. That is going through higher levels of consciousness exploration in the dreamworld and somehow the body must have a memory of it. Most people are disconnected and cannot remember their dreams. The energy of the dream space is residually there and we can correlate it around our heart and sacrum and create mystical experiences in the future. YOU ARE A TRAVELLER ENERGY.
There are times where we become very loving, we go and visit beings that are under attack and love them and get attached then that spiritual body becomes bloated and that love energy and the other physical body won’t have enough love energy as that spiritual body. You become a litter stalkerish of that other love person until they get attacked again and then you have that burst energy. Over amorous love energy for other non-physical entities at times or physical entities but you are only experiencing them non-physically and you are experiencing their traumas and pains and rapidly defending them. In order to heal that you have to align yourself to the center of your heart, detox the aura each day and improve on your spiritual hygiene.
Q: When you talk about the DREAMWEAVE what do you mean? In our dreamworlds we are going to different bubbles of time realities and recalibrate and weaving together all different times, your dreaming mind is overworking. You can’t remember all these dreams because they are so vast and as a micro being going through the awakening where the third eye, becomes a part of the heart again, so we can learn through heart and mind based expression of duality. You experience is about calibrating time so that people can go into re-alignment that means in your physical life there would have  been phases where you go through something and then a fuse would be lit and then it would be over then you start the next fuse and it would be over and you haven’t finished the process of deeply self-nurturing your self. It is always advisable to disentangle from where you got caught in the trap of false time and light. Karmic retrobuting souls are those that give away their power to the system. Karmic resolvers, contributors, creators and incarnators don't have any karma when they come in. Soul unity is where all your shards are integrated using the same frequency of dreamtime.
Q: What happens when you are not getting accurate dream sleep? Your dreaming body has taken up much more space and sovereignty then it should have. This means you don’t go the full 40 or 50 min or two hours hours that it takes to build up the proper energy that it takes for your body to get ready to leave in a proper way. There are times where the dreaming body just kicks you into sleep paralysis to leave as soon as possible by taking its mission far too seriously. It ignores the heart or it doesn’t leave until it gets answers out of the brain. Our dreaming bodies have their own mission, separate from us but those missions ultimately affect the frequencies of the people we love, hate, need and all those things in between. We are our own teachers, and the dreaming bodies are in the future in their own expression of time that is layered over the IAM presence existence that is not there yet.
You are the I AM Apex presence, here and now for the experience, that includes the sleep experience. Taking the sovereignty back form the dreamworld, so that you get proper dream nurturing, wake up with a spark in your eyes. Even if you don’t remember the dream but you wake up refreshed, like it was twelve hours  asleep that lasted five minutes. It is ok to demand from your dreaming body to change the frequency pattern. You need to preserve enough energy to detect entities, have synchronicities, mystical experiences. You’ve got to begin to recover your energy, look at your sleep patterns. Salt baths, the dreaming body might resist, you are going into neutrality with that salt.
Q: Can you say a bit on the dreaming experience versus an out of body experience and remote viewing? In an OBE we come out of our heart, our third eye and our crown we have a cord attached to our crown, it is a very different experience to the dreaming experience. Remote viewing is just one tiny sample of what is possible now. Part of you is in the North and South Pole, the past and the future When we are remote viewing, we are extending our photonic light expressions. Your power is to control your dreaming body, that means where you belly button, two inches above and below, literally in your intestinal tract. This is how your DNA skinsuit was set up, it is a dreaming skinsuit but it has a time sensitive spirit inside it.
Q: What is a rebellious dreaming body? A rebellious dreaming body can be when you are going into sacred geometry cities, through backdoors to relationships that went toxic, to alter time frames to heal them. All the orders that you have been taking in the physical as well as the dreamworld you must destroy them. These are the things you need to remove from your dreaming body so that the power of your dreaming body is returned to you so when you go to sleep as the I am presence you are telling the dreaming body, you are not dreaming in these places but you are going to the places of our true soul family and we are going to have a soul family reunion. This is my will of the I AM presence and the way of the now. The body at times gets cocky and thinks it is the soul and the soul spark is the experience. It is the other way round.
Q: Taking one’s power back from the Dreaming Body? Salt baths, talking to the fire, any of the tools and techniques you have in your spiritual hygiene toolbox apply them to all the dream times you were forced to conform. Find those times in your life where you chose conformity over authentic expression. Often your dreaming body is making you conform. Toxicity can be a  debt, that was created by others, which we don't need to take on. For the true human potential to be understood we must conquer our own spiritual, physical, social, technological, dreamtime toxicity. We must stop paying attention to Roman Numeral Time and know that we exist in a notime reality. Our skinsuits have skill sets, clairvoyance, clairaudience, clairsentients, telekinesis, aerokinesis, pyrokinesis and a thousand others yet to describe. We co-function in many worlds simultaneously and the disciplines of how is our inherent legacy. Say to your dreaming body: WE ARE COMING INTO UNITY, NEUTRALITY, NO MORE REBELLION, IT IS TIME TO COME HOME AND WORK TOGETHER IN CREATING OUR LEGACY
Q: How can we achieve a goal through LUCID DREAMING? By entering the lucid state and training the spirit body to have a much higher flow. Upon awakening from that lucid state, begin the movement process and then return to that lucid state, engaging the mind space to have the lucidity of the infinite dreamworld. Intense clarity comes in those lucid moments where new science and concepts can be perceived. Lucidity means do you have the fullness of your choice points in your dreamworld. You will never have full control over it as your sleep paralysis represents a limiting factor. When we go into a natural sleep paralysis to enter the theta, delta state to have the fullness of the dream we are engaging the dreaming vehicle, where the I AM presences removes itself from the seat of the power and the brain and the heart connects to the fullness of the DNA and moves from the heart into the intestinal tract and engages the dreaming vehicle to perceive and interact with the dreaming world. THE PHYSICAL BODY IS STILL PART OF IT. Lucidity is about engaging the physical body in the sleep paralysis so that the chemical process is undone and the mystical energy is flowing through the blood. That is how we are able to do those masterful things. Understanding lucidity will be seeing the blood in the body flowing through its process and empowering it with the thought construct of running faster.
CHAPTER X: WALKIN, VOID SPACE, SOUL FAMILIES
Q: What is a WALK IN? A walk in is a soul exchange of some kind where the walk-in soul merges with the existing DNA technology,  takes over all the genetic imprinting and the soul contracts of the natal soul for the purpose of shifting the consciousness of the host body and or humanity at large.  Walk-in occurrences are extremely rare as they require a lot of preparation during the foetus of the womb planning.  What is the foetus going to do when it has access to the infinite blueprint of synchronicities on many frequencies of time that you are going to be simultaneously existing as a multidimensional I AM with an oversoul and an avatar? You can’t just say my life sucks and I want a walk-in. Let’s say you are depressed and feel suicidal and call out for a walk-in, it doesn’t work that way, all you invite is a haunting scenario. We have to understand the nature of light based experiences without trying to validate the experience before having processed it.
There are many different versions of walk-ins but to break it down as simply as possible, in essence a walk-in scenario is when a soul is born into a body, at some stage decides to leave and either enters another body or goes to the astral world. Many walk-ins report that after the exchange they can’t relate to their old lives because their factions perspective is so radically different. Soul based factions follow an ideology of how to create and resolve karmas, dharmas and how to plan lives. They learn from teachers in the astral world about those perceptions and experiences of life. A soul exchange takes a lot of spiritual contracts to be set up in the pre-birth planning.
Q: What is the purpose of a walk-in? The initial soul that is part of a different faction, belief and ideology has got stuck in an unbreakable cycle of repetition and therefore calls on the pre-programmed walk-in rule to assist in the healing of genetic patterns and programming. Another soul will walk in and take over all the existing spiritual plus the additional walk in contracts so it can have a lot of dual natured experiences that will go forward in linear time as if it was the original soul’s time stamp and soul family expression. It is a soul faction rather than a fractional shard that walks in that has a very different expression as a resolution for the purpose of the host soul.
At times this can feel like a twin that comes in and one can’t tell the difference. In other scenarios it might feel radically divergent to the walk-in itself as well as to others and there can even be physical changes to the body. As a walk-in you take over the contracts of where the host soul left off, you are the same age. The level of awareness that is gained after the experience maybe part of a different obligation, a misunderstanding or greater understanding of the journey. It often and usually takes years to become aware of being a walk in and acknowledge the perspective to that potentiality.
Another layer for reasons of walk-in and walk out is the grander resolution currently. There are a lot of people who needed to be in this time stamp frequency but don’t have the capacity to beat the system because of the mind control and the social engineering that is going on. They have a contract for their soul to walk out and allow spiritual big brother stepping in to fight the system in a new way. That’s again the twinning scenario where the one that walks out becomes the spirit guide and the one that walks in becomes the embodiment to initiate the grand awakening on a grander scale and help shift the consciousness of humanity.
Q: Can you say something about Martina’s walk-in scenario? In Martina’s case her walk-in went backwards in time to influence time in the past. The soul that come forward in time and walked in was to be a unique signature frequency from the past so it could have a present signature frequency that was its future now. That means the ancient future is now real for her and the ancient past is just as real so she can simultaneously be the past, present and future existing selves as a linear and non-linear based teacher. The exchange of the souls walking in and out does not have to happen instantaneously like in Martina’s case the soul walk in happened in the her teens whilst the host soul walked out in her early adulthood. This can cause extra confusion and difficult events having to deal with two souls operating within the DNA technology at one time.
Q: Where did her host soul go? That Martina that left went to the Astral World, had a life review and as an I AM did not dissolve as a part of the akashic Records as I AM teachers. It stayed in existence and transited backwards in time, to about 11.5 Mio years ago, where the Atlanteans where battling the very first reptilians. She was there telling the Atlanteans all the weaknesses of the reptilian original race. They took her as an unique source of information that was a paradox and she lived there for about 65,000 years and then her I AM become an ancient teacher spirit in her akashic Records.
Q: What other examples are there when pre-programmed walk-in scenarios can be triggered? Someone that has experienced sexual, verbal, emotional any type of abuse from a very young age. The original soul can’t plan a powerful life under those circumstances and it gets to a stage where the walk-in contract gets triggered as the natal soul has enough. It cannot outcreate the limitations imposed by the parents and chooses to get out . The new soul comes in with a hardened energy and the DNA must accept the multidimensional peg into the multidimensional hole. The child changes and will start sending different energies to the parents to stop the abuse and break the repetition. A soul exchange can happen in a snap in an awakening moment. Once the spiritual contracts have been put into place in the womb, time is an illusion for a walk in.  Most of the scenarios of accidents triggering changes are actually not walk-ins but faction changes through a great spiritual teacher association in a near death event or triggered through a dream. Another example would be being born into a difficult culture or the wrong soul family which is a common reason for walk-in and outs.
Q: Would you say that that a walk in faction is always of a higher vibration? No, not necessarily! sometimes it requires a lower density, a super heavy duty warrior spirit to come in and fight for your sovereignty at the dirty layers against abusive parents. It is a myth that walk-ins souls are always from a higher dimensional plane and needs to be broken down. It is also most unlikely to have more than one walk-in simultaneously form different sets of parents as the planning and follow through of even one soul exchange is tough enough.
What could happen though is that a person was born and at the age of three the soul walked out and another soul walked in.  At twenty one that person has a near death experience that triggers the walk-in to walk out and a new soul walks in. That person becomes an incredible healer after that and it was planned between all three souls as a master karmic resolution for that DNA lineage to resolve disease, depression and abuse. For the three souls to make an agreement like that would have triggered tremendous healing for an entire lineage of skinsuits. Again, this is not a day to day occurrence at all as the walk-in phenomena is very rare. Once a soul walks out there is no turning back. It may come in in another body in the family or other connection which happens frequently. Someone walks out of the lineage and walks into another lineage to try to help heal that lineage.
Q: What is a prenatal soul walk-in? A lot of time a foetus is not alone in the womb. Between the first five weeks of pregnancy there can be a twin developping genetically.  One soul then absorbs the other which can become a birth mark or  trigger a walk-in experience later in life. Prenatal walk-ins are expanding the capacity for the mother’s future life too. Not all birthmark come from walk-ins. It can also be a sign of a guide, where the grandfather dies just before the birth of the child and he becomes a celestial guide to assist the child to not make the common lineage mistakes. There are certain marks that come from lineage issue itself or past life trauma that manifests in the current life.
Q: What is a postnatal soul walk-in? I’ve talked about souls hiding in different bodies. So for the first two years the baby you have may not be the baby you have after two years. This is how a soul that is super powerful can get past the incarnation grid or the arcons. They may have been in the womb for a few months with a crappy life plan and in the last second they walk out and let another soul take over. It is a technique that is used to get into this reality without the predictability factor of the system inside them. This is a way of out creating the system or to stop a long term repetition process in a lineage that the soul family elders cannot break because there is so much karma until they really get some potent souls in there to break the lineage.
Q: Does the pre or postnatal walk-in have issues being connected to the mother? It depends on the karma in the mother’s lineage. If the mother’s mother had a good quality birth not necessarily and you won’t have a disconnection from your birth mother. The way you feel will be part of your karmic journey to reconnect to the mother and grandmother’s expression.
Q: We had a bunch of walk-ins in 2014 what was that all about? It is a topic that hasn’t’ much been written about. There was a time in 2014 where we had a huge faction change. Factions can be compared to themed agencies and not all changes in those themes of the agencies mean you are dealing with a walk in. Those in bodies knew they couldn’t beat the drama, the materialism and consumerism. About 70 million people, because of severe lineage limitation they were not advancing enough and so they had an agreement to walk out and the brothers and sisters could walk in and create the change. That was instigated by the prime creator as part of the audit after determining how cooked the karmic books were. These were people in managerial positions and this is also part of all the changes we are seeing now, many years later. Lots of people at the corporate level are turning to spirituality as they cannot sell their soul anymore. They got the white picket fence and now realise they don’t want it and it was an illusion. 70 Mio people is still a very small percentage of our population. WALKINS AND OUTS HAPPEN IN ALL THREE FREQUENCIES. There are 7+ billion people living on the surface world, 10 Million in the astral world and 20 million subsurface in Hollow Earth and walk-ins are happening in a very small number unless prime creator decides otherwise to instigate a grander awakening scale.
Q: What are SOUL FAMILY POLITICS? There are certain soul families that follow a set of factions, ideologies and then they create a variety of lineages in which we can incarnate or reincarnate in. Let’s say you have soul family A: Muslim, Italian, Chinese and African American. Those four lineages are trying to regularly incarnate and reincarnate with each other with a variety of cultural programming and each foetus in each womb will have a different way of creating blueprints and synchronicities based off their astral teacher who help them preplan their lives. Those four races and the cultures that come with them will add their innate limitations and those will be the soul family politics. You have soul family elders who have been in the lineage long enough and see the limitations and ideologies through many different I AM attempts of breaking through the glass wall of you can’t be an awakened being in times of great limitation. All the souls are going to try what is it going to take to rapidly advance. Well there were lots of super geniuses before but they were farmers without education and never got the opportunity which was the limitation of the culture at the times. Alternatively now you got an Asian child with wealth and education but lack of choice. Those become the politics between multiple soul family elders who are choosing a pod of people incarnating with them.
Q: What are SOUL SHARD POLITICS? You can be living in a family and get on ok until you start realising that some of the shards of the family members are opposing your awakening in the background.  They wouldn’t be aware of that consciously but on a shard level you are having this fight and battle going on. Yes, domination & control in its classic expression. Soul shard politics can be very divisive as there are a lot of rebel zealots in many soul families that pretend to be soul family elders. They are the ones that have ten life times in a row with white picket fence and money but don’t actually have to earn anything. They don’t have to earn their awakening or they have been prosecuted in other life times for not choosing it. Just because we are born into the same family doesn’t mean we all have to love each other unconditionally, we have to be aware of what is going on in the unseen.
Q: What was your journey, Andrew, into soul family politics? One of my early statements for people to process when I came out was about what allowed the Galactic Historian Andrew to come forward in this lifetime. Over the last 10 -20 million years I made it a point to incarnate as a part of all soul families that are involved in the great awakening.  That was a choice, many unique experiences, as not a lot of souls or soul families allow this to happen. This givess me insight and information on long term soul family politics, incarnation processes which also makes it innately very easy for me to do sessions, readings and access high capacity information. I innately know the faction politics and why they are driven into ideologies in an incarnation or reincarnation.  That takes the being a healer, been there, done it to a different level. As such I often encounter soul family elders pondering being or having been in their group. Technically I still am and know everyone’s politics and secrets. That was the whole point of my many reincarnations and doing that as me, that entity, that standing frequency in time telling all the soul families to put down their politics - we are all one. If you have division on the soul family level before incarnation it will get out of control once you are incarnating. It all starts at the soul family elders who are regularly allowing inexperienced souls into soul families that are only meant for super experienced souls. It’s still a choice and there is no blame, shame or guilt there. Fundamental acceptance is an infinite requirement to the finite rules of limitation when it comes to soul families.
VOID SPACE / VOID SPACE BEING & INTEGRATION
Q: What is void space and a void space being? Void is the space between universes, the place where new universes get created. This is where unentangled observer technology was created, manufactured and then piece by piece incorporated into an energetic collective of minds. It was then sent through a single portal to manifested on the other side. Unentangled observer technology was created in void space, then uploaded into the void space light body and then transferred from void to human space, to be built into the light body whilst still remaining a reflection in the void space.  So what I am saying is that there are void space beings manifested in the physical reality of this universe as unentangled karmic observers connected to entangled karmic observers that are two degrees of separation from them in void space. This is manipulating so many major beings on this world now. In the void space you get degrees of separation for unentangled observers. The void space beings can observe time at 200, 400 or 900 degrees of separation and have extremely long term agendas over implicate order beings entangled into a frequency of time into a local or many star systems simultaneously. That is the greater SPIRITUAL CELESTIAL COMMERCE NETWORK.
An example of a VOID STREAM BEING bringing codes to Earth as a time traveller (a caller conceived via donated sperm through IVF treatment): The soul frequency that is you came here to earth 19 Mio fraud years ago during the second fall of Lemuria, at the time of the 2nd uncreational event. Earth was responsible for the 1st uncreational event but the 2nd one was created by other 80 planets and you immigrated from those worlds to unentangle your own species by coming to earth to resolve their time line genocide karma.  You were an amalgamation from all those 80 planets that were locked outside of time in void space without an I AM presence. When you came to Lemuria during the second fall is when you incarnated into a DNA skinsuit that had memories that were not yours. Those memories are effecting you now because you immigrated directly from void space meaning your expression of photonic light is not fully present in your body right now. You have not acknowledged that the second uncreational event had a creational event attached to it. You came back into another paradox. The higher frequency beings understood that there would be a 3rd and 4th creational event so they migrated you. This is you now experiencing what the first time line genocide on earth is. You are caught up in your own separate hairball with soul shards spread around 80 planets whilst your master soul shard is here on earth going through the very first expression of what it takes to bring all karma of an uncreational event to an end. For you to be here on earth now you are accomplishing this task in unknowingness. I don’t see this very often. You are not just resistance free earth but also resistance free void space that says we can also create in void space. It is another expression of higher freedom that is coming here without light body programs. You intentionally went into the void space to create a culture separate from the universal rules and create I AM presence technology as birthing. You came out of void space as an energy being and you gained an I AM presence that had no light body memories of void space.
You are a time traveller. It is the nature of someone who is travelling with I AM presence technology that is anchored in the void space, this is the best way to describe it. That void space is its own micro bubble of a universe inside a paradox. You are what I call a void space source stream. That means you are in a place without an I AM presence, without an ego that is fully interacting with the planetary akashic Records in unentangled observer technology as a soul, creating wisdom of complete universal freedom here on earth. How does this apply now? You are pregnant with creation when it comes to whole new ways to describe freedom beyond what this matrix, this ascension says. You can come up with ideas that would blow mine away if you should begin to engage that void space non I AM presence version of yourself and upload your I AM presence there. Your original purpose was to learn what it took to resolve karma here in DNA skinsuit technology as a fresh I AM presence and then to upload it to the void space so all of the beings in void space have access to the lessons here on earth. They can then birth their presence back into their own paradox reality where they created their second uncreational event, then end it with the wisdom that you uploaded to them in void space without violating universal law. That is a huge soul purpose. It now all comes down to belief in how special you are and trust that you have earned that right. (Lots of static coming in).
There is some programming you have from your parents, let’s call it a poltergeist effect. When you get to a point of too much expression, joy, happiness, magic you channel in your mother’s energy that tries to discipline your body which is not allowing you to go any further. Poltergeist manifestations are like the internet line suddenly creating static for no apparent reason. However your parents raised you there was such a limitation to your pure spiritual uniqueness that they had to brand you unfit for the system and make sure the system keeps watching you through their watchers. Now you can begin to break contracts, vows and agreements with them specifically when it comes to the system of domination and control and the creation of poltergeist effects and transform this energy into growth energy. You need to detach from servitude to this matrix and work with invocations and intense ceremonies. You are going to need to express your intentions to all ancestors in full verbal flow. You are pregnant with the ancestors of other places here to resolve karma.
I AM PRESENCE WORK including VOID SPACE BEING INTEGRATION (speak out loud)
It is time to understand the universal scales that our spirit is working at to bring all our selves the into the local spiritual court of equity with our ancestors and then elevate to higher levels.

I, in this ever present moment of now
Choose to open a spiritual court of equity
I summon all of my DNA lineage ancestors
Who are aligned with unity consciousness
I summon all of my brothers and sisters of all star races
To hold space in this spiritual court of equity
In this sacred neutral format
To bear witness to my sovereign expression
This I AM presence of now
I discover myself
All of the memories I don't remember
I share them with every ancestor in sacred neutral presence
So they may be the filter
Of authentic truth or false light
I treasure what comes to me as authentic truth
Anything that is false light
Is suspended in this spiritual court of equity
And all false light beings are exposed to all ancestors
I summon the parts of myself that live in competition
That have not yet learned sacred equal co-creation
I offer my teaching as a sacred neutral peacemaker
I summon all former I AMs that are caught up in hierarchy
It is now time to heal and let go of the lies and distorted views
I honour and witness your pain and offer forgiveness
So that harmony and collaboration prevails on the path ahead
I summon the side of myself that lives in void space
That does not have I am presence availability
I offer it to you in this moment of unity.
So you maybe an unentangled sacred neutral witness.
In my spiritual court of equity
I summon all of the planetary ancestors I have lived on
In this entire universe
I bring you now to this moment of I am presence
I share with you my pure and total light frequency
Every soul code that I have had
Ever soul code I have ever encountered
So there will no longer be secrets in unity
I bring myself back to universal immigration status
I bring this spiritual court of equity to the very moment
I decided to immigrate into this universe
I blend these two expressions of universal time into one
I summon an extra universal spiritual court of equity
With all of my other universal ancestors in unity present
I share photonic light with all ancestors as part of universal law
I become one with all spiritual courts of equity
I now come to this fraud time on earth
With all of the ancestral beings in this spiritual court of equity
A trillion eyes looking out of my aura
Waiting to experience the tactile here
I herewith anchor all of my source stream
Into this I AM Apex body now
To manifest and translate the trillion letter alphabet
Into space, time & consciousness
I have big choices to make
To no longer serve the false matrix
To not fall prey to its limitations and false light projections
We are all pregnant with creation
The time is now to change the surface of this earth
And exchange ancestors at the universal level
So all uncreational events come to an end
And a seamless stream of consciousness continues
And so it is. Aho

You have the codes to tens of thousands of other worlds that you can bring here.  Now there are no more secrets and you can share photonic light as per universal law.  Use these words as linguistic equations that you can amplify a millionfold as you put your focus onto it. Intent is one thing and can help define a lot. When you add the conscious application of the sacred the impact exponentializes times a godzillion.  You start with a plan, an agenda that has an end to it, that’s what I call a spiritual strategy. You bring the power of now, in the moment of now so that an agenda can be completed in the now to feed, nurture and nourish all beings outside of now.
Q: What happens in an uncreational event? Any time there is an uncreational event there is a group of core beings around the immediate one degrees of separation who caused it. This particular caller was around those core beings and instead of going back to earth he went to a void space, locked out of time now, unable to incarnate into any place of this universe because it had not existed yet. He had to wait in void space for the universe to expand and catch up with the void space for him to cross over as a void source stream, still connected to all the beings in void space and make a tunnel so that they could start incarnating in the universe even if it was into a tiny rock or crystal in space and time. There were light cities in these void spaces of Lemurian and Antlantean expressions. That’s where he met up with other beings going through the same thing, they made a collection of void space collectives and generated their own void akashic Record, like the footage that didn’t make the film, not guided by universal source. This is what got trillions of beings who were locked outside of time back into earth.
There is a kind of regrouping of collectives needs manifestation. Each individual is a manifestation of the regrouping process. Every individual is its own collective of one that is functioning with a variety of other collectives in this reality that are unentangled observer collectives. There is unentangled observer technology and then there are collectives that have created unentangled observers. The collective is tuning in to get an understanding. This is what compounds us as manifestations trying to come together to create groups because when we do the unentangled observers come and entangle with us in an unentangled way. You have collectives meeting each other without having had previous knowledge of each other’s existence.
Q: Does this mean we are all the same? No, we are not just all the same. In an unlimited universe the law of one doesn’t always apply. There comes a time in the understanding of free will and the law of one that the creator has not put any limits in this place. There was a limit at one point in universal time. That limit ended and that was when the whole universe had a simultaneous update on free will. This was about 6 billion earth celestial fraud time years ago or 135 galactic universal cycles of immigrations from souls from another universe which all used different frequencies of source. There are other sources out there that are not the same source as here, so we are not all the same.
A new, the 18th UNIVERSE has been created. This universe is taking on all souls at a galactic and universal level that are told that we have new rules and they can no longer create light paradoxes and wipe out everyone’s experiences. If they do don't agree to this they must go on to the 18th universe, basically a purging of all beings that are here to uncreate everything.
