# Galactic Historian Project

Glossary of Terms
===============================


## akashic record


It is the cellular memory of our earth,there is a crust on our earth that is below the earth layer that is granite,granite is 65-75% crystalline,that structure in its own concept is a data storage unit as well as an interactive co-creative,spiritual,physical intra-exchange device of history,anything that has psychic record is recorded in the akashic record.


akashic records are a marker stone-a compass guide to truth in a society where truth is not well respected,akashic record is a process to connect to your past,present and future lives so you can determine what layers of soul contracts you have with the planet,your soul group,your soul family,other star brothers and sisters,it’s a way to gauge personal direction to accomplishing a complete living life...The AR are a recording of every beings experience in every lifetime they’ve had on this planet,when you leave this planet and say I’m done with this experience here the planet gives you its neutral perspective so there is no polarity revealed in it of what it witnessed through your eyes as part of a shared reality experience which is downloaded into your light body DNA.


The AR is a recording of every single sentient experience in this world through the neutral perspective of the planet that’s holding space for free willed life.


The solar system records all experience of all the planetary minds and all individual minds on the planet-so it’s another collective,all the stars connect to the central sun which is the collection of all experiences,which in theory is where, prime creator exists amongst all people,theAR is the web link of all life.


## Ancestor


A soul family member who has passed on from living in the flesh. They live in a different frequency of time called the blue road of time


## Apex order of the self


A form of perception one earns and learns from mystical experiences that reveal vast layers of knowingness on how the system works.


## Body


The instrument of our perception and experience





## Bilocation


When you take out the charge and polarity and become sacred neutral it is cocreating reality. Manifesting your reality . Building the muscles and belief that it’s not for instant gratification. Through creating imagery and vision and feeling you can create other yous that are physically manifest versions of yourself. To be present in that other reality organically happens with the expansion of the muscle in the third eye. Basic form is through imagery. Perceived if you believe in it. Physically manifest in each location. Sometimes aware of it sometimes not if it becomes an overload and not required. Making a choice not to be instantly gratified in what other selves are doing.


We have built inside a dreaming body. When we reach a certain frequency of creation and co creation you trigger the bilocation process and the dreaming body immediately becomes a part of you as if you were in a dreaming frequency without the sleep paralysis attached to it. Once you raise to a certain frequency the I ams agenda has more revelations behind it to allow it more access to conscious awareness . Has to be in your own bubble of reality so as not to tread on another’s journey.


Second stage is full on simultaneous awareness of the second you. A realisation that the second you is still a singularity in a dream world, so you can be a quadality


## Bubble of reality


We have full 100% sovereign control over this through choice. Self created. Self manifestation space . Outside of your bubble ie clouds, sea, water would be treading on another’s journey.


## Colloquial Now


Coherent wisdom and steam of information people can tap into

The i am using is power of now to speak with verbal terminology that triggers modern recognition of common human issues repeated each generation. The colloquial now is a result of illuminal thinking. Bringing subject matters into a cognitive context so that there can be a coherent wisdom. A stream of information that people can tap into the moment of now that acted like grip notes ie dream streams of light, clarity of heart space.





## Consciousness


The state or quality of awareness or of being aware of an external object or something within oneself


Sentience, awareness, subjectivity, the ability to experience or feel, wakefulness, having a sense of selfhood, executive control system of the mind, the state of being aware of and responsive to one's surroundings.


Brain involved and perceptions


Outer perception of consciousness is the higher self


How we perceive things is about our relationship to the world


We become the witness of our reality


The response we chose influences how our reality unfolds


## Conscious application of the sacred


No distraction


Heal myself


Not recreational


Distraction or education?


 **Death walking


Escorting the soul through the death process.


## Dream world


Is the singularity


The undiscovered country of our dreams

## Descendents


In lineage soul families who have to deal with your frequency in the future because of choices made good or bad.





## DNA Deoxyribonucleic acid


a self-replicating material present in nearly all living organisms as the main constituent of chromosomes. It is the carrier of genetic information; and the fundamental and distinctive characteristics or qualities of someone or something, especially when regarded as unchangeable.


## Ego


Parasympathetic





## Envoy


A being that crosses time , a multidimensional genius


Participant cocreator procreator





## Equal co-creation


Equal co creation is a moment to passed on moment understanding that you are an ever evolving being with expansion and contractions of knowingness going in awake and asleep moments.


## Fifth world of peace


Is when all of our previous selves that made the best possible choices for us assemble on a single timeline that are not about the four previous celestial teacher worlds. The fifth world of peace is a selectable timeline in which we created individuated awakening to form collective individuated beings to form collective collections that make the first micro collective which becomes a macro collective over hundreds of years while our individual experiences still continue learning and connecting to multidimensional multifunctional photonics beings of light





## Foetus in our mother’s womb 


Our greatest source connection. Interconnectivity to all.


## Galactic History 1


Was the colloquial attempt at challenging our I Am ness to be active in the now so we can activate our infinite potential to overcome race amnesia





## Galactic ascension machine


Karmic resolution machine to resolve karma.


## Great Mystery


lives within every thing and every one.


The forms may change but the energy of creation remains the same.


Great Mystery created great spirit to be the creative flow of the uniworlds, which include all levels of the Universe and all understanding about the creative force of life.


Great Mystery will never be solved.





## Hierarchical order. 


The pecking order at which our perception drives into different levels of charge or polarity. Hierarchical order is design to create charge and polarity to create resolution with iam agenda driven beings.





## Hologram


Is our frequency of our geometric sacred space, our consciousness/ interaction and knowingness


## Hub of interconnectivity


is the 10 thousand past generations and 10 thousand future generations in the Aurora Borealis of the North and South Pole that’s how we create interconnectivity which becomes the interconnectivity between the North and South Pole


## Humans


Are not living computers, we are algorithms. Computers are hardware. We are a continuous infinite string of perception and numbers in which a DNA instrument of experience processes into many different colours of time and space . A data processing machine .


We are streams of photonic light in a DNA skinsuit


We were a biological , pre-cognitive logistical communications and direct manifestation workforce going with scores of different founder species all around the galaxies and universe As we accompanied them on their path we observed the great mysteries of the galaxies meaning we too had been in the great path. This is when we founded Lemuria under the watchful eyes of the founder species and we cocreate with the celestial mind of earth.





## I Am is the witness


Of how I exist in a world of energy


Perceiving the hologram and layers


Medicine opens a space of different awareness and makes you aware of all the layers out there


The DMT from the body activates the breath


It is a dose of our own medicine to open the brain


Medicine has many variables, awareness of realms you’re going to,


 **I Am / Higher self


 We are already the higher self


The I Am is here in time and was constructed by the higher self during womb time . It is based off several previous I AM selves who have gone through life reviews and set up a theme of karma or dhama for the next life.


By the age of 4/5 your DNA activates your I AM technology, and the rest of the I AM comes in during puberty


When you die your Higher Self is waiting for you to come in again as it’s in contact with your 10k other selves past and future. It is an observer.


The I AM is the technology of interface with the God Source and is already within.


You have to know yourself as the human to know your soul's purpose.


## Idealic memory


Your ability to remember thoughts and concepts without photographic memory. The more practice of the teaching the more knowledge is available in a spiritual moment. To be so familiar with the teaching that you can draw upon any teaching in the a la carte system of belief at anytime . It’s always in your knowingness . Beyond memory. Modifying memory to use in an idealic style. Using the dimensions and qualities of the teaching , unraveling a realm of light so you can use and apply it. One line can trigger the whole teaching


## ID EGO


According to this Freudian model of the psyche, the id is the set of uncoordinated instinctual trends; the super-ego plays the critical and moralizing role; and the ego is the organized, realistic part that mediates between the desires of the id and the super-ego.


The ego is the Parasympathetic

## Instant gratification


Not all bad

## Linear time


Was solely created for this reality. No other place uses linear time like we do.


That’s why it’s a unique experience and the GAM is such a highly prized machine.


Because it’s an engine of belief woven together through thousands and millions of generations born in a DNA skinsuit 987k skinsuits hold all the resolutions. 80% not on surface.





## Localised and non localised event


When a locality event occurs a non locality side exists . Just as there
is a seen and unseen world. There is the interconnectedness of localised
and non localised events .This is the nature of giving birth becoming a
localised event for the purpose of being an agenda driven I AM being of
the now. Interconnectedness is a state of being within the localised
event , even though awareness may not be aware of its strength and
potency in the reality function and format.

## Mandela effect


It's a consequence and retribution of karma as well as a bleed through from other times. The system has shifted our reality and moved soul shards on to other realities so we would be fragmented in our memories. So it’s a consequence and retribution for all those who’ve been manipulating time. It’s a way for the universe to put everything back to neutral . It helps us to find the forgotten pieces of ourselves, the pieces and parts that have been manipulated and put outside of time, lost versions of ourselves who never got resolution, and as a manifestation giving them resolution through an experience. Through different perception and perspective we can generate manifestations on the forgotten side so they are no longer forgotten and the system must now deal with them as remembered not forgotten


The affect of forced forgetting


Redefining history








## Martyr


An archetypal personality type who will sacrifice great deals of themselves because of ideological theory or of their religious or other beliefs.





## Mental Mastubation


Arguing about something that has no bearing on reality. We affect the world so any mental activity that keeps us from responsibility is Mental Masturbation


## Medicine


Something the world needs for healing. Living in a way that knowingly drives your value and choices in the world.


## Media content producer


What’s your input doing?


## Non-competition


Non competition is a way of living life daily on the seen and unseen layers of your reality equal to your level of self illumination of what is competition and what is non competition, with equal co-creation as a means, method or procedure that enhances non competition and its color experience in light. When one chooses to be in non competition one does not win lose or draw at any subject projecting competitional order. Non competition nullifies the essence of competition.





## Non-hierarchical order 


This is a emanation of one's own expression to be fully in one's own DNA skin suit making lasting changes to the “you” the I am now who is the “agenda’ based resolving self. Non hierarchical order is a medium to belne the agenda and non agenda based parts of the singularity that is you.





## Observers

Disentangled

You have infinite love and co-creating within you, but, at this moment, you must truly choose to be the disentangled observer. Go into that heart space. Create that vision in your mind, and engage those thoughts, "Sacred, neutral observer. Information cannot change me. It expands my knowingness, or contracts my knowingness, based on how “I am now” understood and processed."


By making that sovereign choice to be the disentangled observer of the self means you get the fullest versions of yourself in the here in and the now. You are the apex of your own hierarchical order. Say that in your mental heart space. "I am the apex of my own hierarchical order, and no other hierarchical system has control and domination within me."


Unentangled observer of the akashic Record


The unentangled observer is part of the akashic Record – they are a stream of the AR that can only be perceived in the sovereign neutral perspective. They are reaching the highest point of neutral observation even if they are observing themselves.


 **Objects of influence


ie. Crown Jewels that hold imprinted power over people / hypnosis.


## Offworld Abductions 

When they put you on a different timeline, a lot of time women, you may
not realise it but you may have been pregnant 50 times with an offworld
foetus, or a clone of yourself. People can have egg and sperm come
together in an external source, put inside them for six to seven hours
and then take it out and sometimes that is done 200-300 times to people
so that foetus has a signature frequency match to this linear time so it
can be switched to other times. They use the sperm&egg technology as
part of the source time frequency… BREADING PROGRAMS – WE ARE A FARM AND
THEY ARE FARMING US FOR OUR CONSCIOUSNESS which is easily weaponised and
into a belief to put us onto alternate timelines without ever telling us
that we have been transferred just because we belief in what we are
being told.

## Parasympathetic


Is the unseen spiritual side of us that has all of our spiritual contracts that’s trying to drive us into evolution related to the ego. Unseen light body action. Multidimensional selves


## Perception Inception filter


How we choose to engage the mystical in equal cocreation non competition non hierarchal order. In sacred discipline format for we are our own natural evolving single stream of light








 **Programs


Not conscious . Something that has technically 0s and 1s but we give it
0 and 1.1 and 0.1. We give it alittle but of our personality but it
doesn’t make it conscious and aware. It doesn’t dream , but might affect
your dreaming world and at times programs get access to our vagus nerve
which gives them access to the unlimited skills and that is the I AM
giving authority to the program so that the body can run on autopilot
and go off to never never land or what ever it is to not be in the body.

## Precognitive work force


Is our own non hierarchal selves in : -


Equal cocreation


Non competition


Non hierarchal order


Will never overwhelm you because that would be stepping on your journey. As long as you are in the flow of creating imagery from your heart space and using the fundamentals from the teachings of sacred neutrality you will begin to have powerful flows and bursts of energy that will expand your awareness and knowingness in that moment. Building spiritual muscles creates the contracts that allow translation





Our precognitive workforce is us - that has the capacity to understand I can create an infinite amount of conscious time travel me’s that can go into the future, into the past and prepare a resource of knowledge and information that’s instantly called on-able as masterful manifestations of inspiration in the moment to out create anything that is a negative , dampening, sucking, draining, frequency within the system of domination and control. A more deeper explanation: your I AM precognitive workforce also is all of your other versions of self that are simultaneously existing that have earned and learned and relearned the rights of awareness. That’s means that if your choosing to be a spiritually aware being that all time space exists and that you’re contemplating all aspects of it there are frequencies out there that are not positive, some are negative, although some are positive and you as this I AM here now being make this declaration in your frequency that I am a being of equal cocreation non competition non hierarchal dreaming I AM breakaway DNA light body civilisation of one who has been here in this DNAskinsuit this lifetime who is now gonna use my great work to make a great impact on those that I love, my family, my clan, my nation, my tribe and my earth mother. And I’m choosing to do that on all the scales. That means I need a masterful precognitive workforce which is my birthright and legacy to create as a natural cocreative evolutionary being who’s a part of the great dreamtime awakening using my responsibility to have an impact on the loves of my life, the themes and ideologies that I’m wishing to promote to others so that they can find their own self illumination and belief free from external gurus who are sending them down the paths to false illumination. Our precognitive workforce is there waiting for us to be inspired to work with it, to think with it, to love with it, to be with it as part of our greater expression. For us to have the expression we must have the experience and for us to have the experience we must put the time , effort , energy and expression in to our self belief that it is a true force that we can call upon our inner geniuses from many dimensions , timestreams , galaxies and universes to form a collective of us who are all part of this dream time awakening so we can free our selves from the perception of limitation by the global narrative.


 So in effect do they work also as a hub of interconnectivity?


They are the apparatus of interconnectivity.


Have shamans of old always used their precognitive workforce?


Yes they just used them in their era of light or their theme of times way. Every generation reinterprets the previous generation the next generation interprets the next generation and then there are the rebel few who stop reinterpreting and get back to the source of creation and look at that as their only interpretation and that’s where we understand we are all of our past present and future selves simultaneously existing and there are versions of ourselves out there where equal cocreation non competition non hierarchal order I AM breakaway DNA civilisations of one who are also a signature frequency match to be with you, your precognitive workforce, and you are part of their precognitive workforce forming a collective of the highest forms of your light soul teachers, all of the I AMs that are a part of your great hall of askashic records of all I Ams presences, past , present and future who are a collective of non competition equal cocreation dreaming I am being manifest in your body.


 So it wouldn’t be treading on someone’s journey if you sent out your precognitive workforce to help them in a cocreational way?


There’s always a fine line where too much is too much. If the other being has no premonition preorganistion presence or any form of eminence and understanding of what a precognitive workforce is, then no you will be stepping on their journey. Unless it is an infant or a young child who hasn’t formed what an I AM is yet. And most children don’t fully form the I AM until puberty when their thymus gland creates 300 new forms of chemicals that suddenly floods the body to create puberty itself which solidifies the I AM technology as a time space equation.


 So where would they send out their precognitive workforce from, what would be their source if they’re not I AM aware?


 So first you would have a conversation with them where you are going to cojoin your precognitive workforce to create a manifestation of synchronicities that helps each of the beings cocreate an aspect that brings some form of inner inspiration to get out of the rut that you’re in , to do the healing of the sickness that you have. This is why healers become facilitators so that they can cojoin their precognitive workforce with the natural precognitive workforce of the person that is ill who may not have any consciousness skills. And then they become the education facilitator, that if those I Am beings want to become true consciousness beings of choice, they must learn the process of self illumination , which means pick up a book, take a class. There’s an infinite amount of teachers out there in the great dreamtime awakening . Discover what’s the signature frequency match for you and go out and evolve and create.


Yes it’s an infinite tool we have isn’t it, at our disposal ?


Yes an apparatus of infinity .


 **Quadality


Awake me here, asleep me here. Awake me there and asleep me there. The quadality is still a singularity.The allowance of the quadality gives you more potential of creation through your visualisation.


An Intangible action is a physical action. Higher self observes you going through the experience creates agenda to be you. You are created through the feus in the womb process. All aspects of you. In observance with you.


You are an I am agenda driven being with spiritual contracts to be here now to be in a bubble of reality in the great dreamtime awaking. Your bubble of reality is your dream and your only limitations are those self imposed. On my path to taking out those limitations creates the unlimited point of view.


## Race Amnesia


26k years ago it began affecting 65% of the living population in DNA lineages.


By the Dark ages 98% of population had completely lost the oral and intuitive teaching present in all sentience with consciousness actively processing their life path as manifest beings.


## Sacred neutral point of view


Non polarity








## Sovereignty


Is the full right and power to be a governing body of one's own self, without any interference from outside sources or bodies seen and unseen. Physical and nonphysical.


The expression of free will at all levels


Declarations of Sovereignty and non consent are magic as they undo spells and commitments you made without having full knowledge or memory.


Claiming sovereignty will begin to transform your life and allow you to co create in your full capacity as a free willed multi-dimensional, universal being. To be sovereign we must practice free will at all times.


## Synchronicity 


It all depends on your perspective first and then your perception behind that perspective. A synchronicity can be anything from a fly landing on your nose and you going to whack it and punch yourself in the face , so you suddenly realise you’re too aggressive with yourself, to an anti Trump video that makes you laugh so hard you pee your pants . A synchronicity can be anything . It’s really about the moment in which it happens and then the acknowledgement that the divine is there working with you at some level.


Synchronicities can be aligned from the foetus in the womb, that fly that lands on your nose and you whack yourself in the face alittle too hard- that could be a spiritual contract in which totally changes your life to not be aggressive with yourself. Its a variety of things. So your perspective of the environment , your perception of the actions or situations or circumstance can also influence you that synchronicities aren’t just always happening in the moment . They can be a series of moments that leads to a pattern recognition of many synchronicities operating as an orchestra. As we look back with hindsight we see the patterns of synchronicities that put us on the path to being who we are. When we engage foresight we re looking for those foreshadows in our own actions. Like when you’re reading a book and the book says that something’s gonna happen and they don’t want to tell you what it is. Having foresight is the same thing as having hindsight except the synchronicity won’t be revealed in the moment but you ll have that ah ha in the moment that says this is a synchronicity that I’ve got to pay attention to


(So how much are we involved in cocreating synchronicities? )


Technically at all layers but we are not always perceiving all layers so your perception and perspective still influences


Our unseen layers are always trying to line up our best and possible greatest actions for us but that doesn’t meant we’re gonna choose it. We may not be a signature frequency match for our highest good. Or our highest good is only equal to our responsibility to our awareness which is a limitor factor but not a limitation.


The environment we're living in communicating with us to create thought and accentuate it.


Reinforcement of a thought, synergy.


## Synthesis


A state of personal freedom and awareness for growth within the patterns we create to promote our own evolution with our purpose and place in this world


It is our legacy and birthright to be in synthesis with all there is was and ever will be





## Shared Reality Rules


Rules that apply to all of us as a collective when sharing space / interacting amongst each other, inside of this reality. Each universe has its own rules that define the parameters of experience. Think gravity. Cause and effect etc. - these rules dictate the nature of the experience we all share.


## Sentience


The capacity to feel, perceive , or experience subjectively


Sentience are experiencing some form of duality ie Artificial


Intelligence have no dream world


## Self illuminated master


Is responsible to their level of awareness

Does not argue for their limitations

Claims their unlimited point of view

Is sacred neutral

Does not step on another’s journey

Knows it’s not what you think it’s what you believe

Makes the unknown known

Uses hindsight foresight and choice points

Is a sovereign being working from heart space

Does not work with dirty spiritual energy

Emanates not emulates

Is a hub of interconnectivity

Carries the mantle of responsibility for the next seven future
generations

## The Shadow


Works through projection from ourselves . Projection is the mechanism of the shadow


Everything we perceive is a projection of an internal map within us . We need to own our shadows. There are positive shadows ie beauty empowerment joy.


Working on your obstacles will not get you to your destination. Look deeper for the beauty


Sympathetic

## Sleep

When you sleep, you close off your physical Consciousness and open up your Consciousness to the true, Higher dimensional reality.


In other words, when you “go to sleep,” you log-out of the 3D hologram and return to the reality of your SELF to have adventures and communicate with Higher beings,including the Higher expressions of your self.


Since your astral body is fourth dimensional, it only carries you into the fourth dimension.


On the other hand, when your dream adventures carry you into the fifth dimension and beyond, your Consciousness will be wrapped in your Lightbody.


While your consciousness is free of the illusions and dramas of your physical world, it can experience a reality without those limitations.


The Higher the dimension from which you receive your message, the easier it is to forget while you sleep.


This forgetting is because there are more levels of


Consciousness through which you must carry your dream back into your waking life.


Because you are aware of Higher dimensions while you are awake, you can more easily open the portals into the Higher dimensions while you sleep.


## Soul, higher spirit and light bodies


Light does not need a medium in which to propagate , this why we have light bodies to occupy bio-photonic bodies or as we have here:


Lineage based DNA skinsuits that encode the light body as a localised event.


We are an I AM self driven wave form in a bubble of reality that has physics adjusting us to our harmony and frequency based on our ability to propagate life in equal cocreation with our celestial counterpart. This is our species explained in simplistic form.


## Sympathetic


Is us, the soul, that’s in here trying to overwhelm the ego and the id and all the other things to create an experience that has choice point based trust experiences. The I AM technologies interaction with the system








## system


Wants us to believe everything is hierarchical, that there is no non hierarchy.


## Tort


Civil wrongdoing


## Truth and Disclosure


First you’re


Ridiculed. Then


Violently opposed. Then


It’s Self Evident


## Unconditional Love


Means no-strings-attached to the Love you give. You may or may not receive Love back because that's not part of the deal. If you had to receive it back, that would be a condition.


You Love without expecting anything at all in return.





UNCONDITIONAL LOVE knows no boundaries, no limitations and no conditions, no spiritual commerce..no energy traffic!


## Unseen World


Is equal to this world and layered over it through the forms of thought and perception





## Unlimited point of view


Looking at your own limitations. The very act of looking for your own limitations puts you in the path to the unlimited point of view. Letting go of instant gravitation questions and taking out the charge and polarity. Being a sacred neutral question asker of yourself . Limits imposed by the reality rules we buy in to





## Water


The collective and upper collective exist in the connectivity of the water.


Water is a medium of mass manipulation and DNA evolution.








## Word salad


Random use of concepts and combinations of words from different teachings making own creation


From one two and more words and expressions manifesting own teachings


A handful of words can bring forward a whole teaching . Mastering word salad means you can draw upon a handful of words they has whole teachings metaphorically behind it


## Zealot


A person who is fanatical and uncompromising in pursuit of their religious, political, or other ideals.





🕷🕸🕷🕸🕷🕸🕷🕸🕷🕸🕷🕸🕷🕸🕷🕸🕷🕸🕷🕸🕷🕸🕷🕸🕷🕸🕷🕸









































 **Part Two





## COINED PHRASES TEACHINGS


## CURIOSITY LEARNING:** is when you let programs run you. When you are curious about something you are not the neutral observer because you have already charge and polarity out of curiosity itself. You are already controlling a subject matter, which is right at the edge of unknown that the brain is going to fill in the unknown before it is known.


Related teachings:-


RAW INTUITION DOES NOT USE EMOTIONAL INPUT FOR COGNITIVE DATA.


NEXT STEP: - Finding passion through the infinite unlimited point of view without cognitive function behind it always puts you on the edge of the unknown and makes it easy for the unknown to become known.


Harmony, Vibration and Frequency teaching.


## TIME SYNCHING:** Staffing agencies look for how present you really are. They see it as a time space equation so they can match you with a being of similar resonance to your time space equation. This is called TIME SYNCHING. Once you are in time sync with an agency it can contract for you. People, places, things, objects, art pieces, anything that can create an experience that manifests a memory with lasting expressions. Astrology has a big part in how the agencies can work with one.


## Related Teachings:


- Forcing a match to Harmony, Vibration & Frequency – forced charge & polarity


- Missing the experience through trying to control the outcome


- Signature Frequency Teaching


Instant gratification & outside validation


## SIGNATURE FREQUENCY TEACHING:** That attraction process is aligning in the unseen world based off raw vibration, frequency, harmony. When our cognitive mind gets involved in it you are forcing a match that is in our time space equation for which we might not be ready for that level of awareness and it turns into an instant gratification journey.


## Related teachings:


- Forced matches: System of domination and control / people seeking validation/Dating world


- Tacit consent in unknowingness to their forced evolution. You must own your unseen consenting process. No answer is an answer. No choice is still a choice.





## SPIRITUAL STRATEGY:** Is an agenda in your time space equation that things can naturally time sync with you and you are not naturally forcing them (ie relationships) It’s a pure energetic thing that does not have the cognitive forcing behind it. SPEED LIMITS/ CONSTRUCTIONS CITES on the path of the I AM being in the VAGUS nerve to either speed up or slow down the journey can either be a program or free will joices.


THE IAM’s purpose is to cognitise things in a time space equation, that has access to its vagus nerve, equal to its level of awareness, so a series of experiences can transcend chemical memories become powerful light memories that allow us to remember things about us during the great awakening that is part of ascension into higher states of beingness whilst still present in this world that has all these incoherent factors to them. What are incoherent factors? Political voting system, rules and laws, banking, government…. All those things that are trying to force a match in a non-natural reality with unprotected technology.


## Related teachings:


- How to protect ones I AM Technology which literally is a technology…. 20% of DNA


- AGENCY/ENTITY teaching


- Spiritual Hygiene


- Emotional Mastery & Harmony, Frequency, Vibration teaching


CELESTIAL BEING: Is a series of experiences in light that has gone through the infinite validation that the finite being is the infinite being simultaneously. The journey being the medium is balancing finite and infinite.


## Related teachings:


- I AM APEX BEING…. DNA 80% memory & 20% technology, celestial coding


- AGENCIES/ENTITIES teaching


- True Communication: IT IS THE BROADCASTER AND THE RECEIVER LOOKING AT THE MATCH OF THE 3 WAY FORMS OF INTERACTION of frequency/vibration/harmony.


- Chemical vs light memory


SCHUMANN RESONANCE: is background frequency of electromagnetics that is affected by solar winds and radiation, the actual magnetics of the planet – which give you the HIGHWAY in conjunction with the VAGUS NERVE! It represents an opportunity where consciousness can rapidly expand. If you feel that you respond to the spikes it might say to you that you have all this electromagnetic thinking juice and you are not doing anything with it.


There is not one common shared Schumann resonance around the world. All of them make up the orchestra of consciousness. Sometimes you have many orchestras playing different interpretations of the classics and at times other playing remixes. Mountains, lakes, deserts and rivers alter the Schumann resonance as well as the seen and unseen life in those areas. Think of the Schumann resonance as the key musicians playing.


Looking at the SCHUMANN/VAGUS connection as the HIGHWAY. The highway goes in every direction but you still have to guide yourself without hesitation and doubt from point A to point B which is resolution of conscious awareness being equal to your level of responsibility.


The agencies or self created internal programs within the Vagus nerve slow down the I AM driver by creating electromagnetic charge and polarity. In the metaphor we call them speed limits and construction sites. The Schumann resonance just determines the veracity of interaction or speed signs and at times has nothing to do with Schumann rates. It’s the key that allows things to act in synchronicity, false or real. …


The Schuman resonance is there to keep all living things seen and unseen on one celestial musical key. Free will allows us to explore many keys that can create resonance with the natural way of living, or dis-resonate. A dis- resonate state is the cacophony of chaos and chaos is its own universal key.


## Related teachings:


- The I AM technology as realised universal potential in the VAGUS NERVE


- Agency/Entity teachings as part of the I AM technology


HARMONY/FREQUENCY/VIBRATION TEACHING:


Every communication is multidimensional in universal nature. An expansive communication is based on the BROADCASTER AND THE RECEIVER LOOKING AT THE MATCH OF THE 3 WAY FORMS OF INTERACTION of frequency/vibration/harmony. By talking to one or more in the seen world, a multitude of beings, past and future in the seen and unseen are listening. A high frequency statement can be low in harmony meaning that it creates powerful sparks, not necessarily in the now but later in time for people listening in archives and beyond.


1. HARMONY: is related to space and time (a powerful statement creating for the future)


2. FREQUENCY: is determining of the spark is going to ignite chemical memory that will evolve into a light based memory.


3. VIBRATION: determines the length in which the energy explosion stays present in the person in the form of euphoria or dopamine release of something else that keeps the experience going.


Vibration creates a resonance or an echo factor inside the human’s central core, central nervous system. Programs are stuck inside traumas, sub echos inside the CNS creating this information that is hard for high or low vibration teachings to get through to the CNS. There are time where I am building the energy up in a normal conversation. I am cognitively aware I am raising my frequency, raising my vibration, like tidal waves pounding and all of a sudden the program drops in 30 or 150 people and there is that flood of vibration into them which then creates a chemical response that is not fight, flight, freeze but the 4th: SURRENDER


If the frequency, harmony, vibration is so strong, no matter how much chemical energy they produce, they are working against that will only tire them out.


## Related Teachings:


- Incoherent embodiment – DMT state x 8


Very high DMT state ….. Times 8 speed…. One second is 8 seconds…. You need to slow down every aspect of your life. FORGIVE YOURSELF FOR GOING SO FAST….. I am chosing to slow down the speed of light so I can begin to experience this reality – DRIVE ON CRUISE CONTROL. The body needs to lower its biomagnetic frequency to have a powerful release and have a great vision. It is changing the speed in which the light waves are interacting with the body. The mind can be super fast but the body is still part of the perception journey. When the body is operating at a lower vibrational wavelength – not a lower frequency – we have to match the wavelengths of mind and body.


- Chemical vs Light Memory


Chemical Memory: People who are stuck in programs making chemical memories (feelings) at a very low empowered state. As you gain the power of the vagus nerve, any memory that has been layered over and camouflaged with low frequency vibration, can be recalled. Chemical memories can be overharvested and lower their frequency of the memory (other I AM memories) whereas memories made in light will continue to re-energise you.


Light memory: mystical experience that defines the universe. There is a point in where the experience is so high in frequency, vibration and harmony, where finite chemicals can no longer be sustained. The experience is turned into an infinitely stored in light memory that lights up your consciousness. It is very easy for our consciousness to tune in to this bright light, floating memory in this fractured, fractualised, unfractured state of beingness.


FIELD OF PLENTY :


Related teachings:


- Soul family themes (high frequency beings walking into low density families)





## EVOLUTION OF I AM TECHNOLOGY


Sperm & Egg is a technology of taking an egg that is in the infinite sea of infinite consciousness and allows it to become a finite experience in the universal sea of awareness that is also part of the ever evolving streams of light. This is were soul families evolved. Some use seed and egg, some use direct manifestation technology.


- Here in this section of the galaxy – seed/sperm and egg will use IAM TECHNOLOGY to house the infinite consciousness and create an instrument of experience that translates into colours of memories.


- Our DNA skinsuit can translate upto 50 colours of memories.


- Colours are equal to time and sound – they are just two different waveforms


- You’ll become a temporary local and non-local reality simultaneously


Some soul families use dozens of different birthing technologies. A million years ago a birth wasn’t nine months but let’s say 150 months but time and the value of time was different then. You weren’t born a single baby, 7 or 8 or 100 at the same time. Each one had its own foetus in the womb plan, it’s own synchronicities,


WEATHER PATTERNS….. we as an uncollective coming together as a collective …. When that happens we will have enough of everything, sun, water, ….. climate change! Weather patterns are reflecting the forms of disunity in our collective! We as collective consciousness is imprinting the weather.


CLOUD TECHNOLOGY – SOME ARE SOLID AND YOU CAN WALK ON THEM


- There are clouds that are sentient. There are clouds that are elemental forces, technical sentients, but more like an aspect of the planet with a specific purpose.


- Kinda like a white blood cell … harder to communicate with unless you understand their purpose.


- Clouds that are man made entirely, not AI, they are programmed water with programmed sentients, we commonly call themselves. They can be guard dogs, transportation vessels hide in those,


UNENTANGLED OBSERVER of the akashic Record


The unentangled observer is part of the akashic Record – they are a stream of the AR that can only be perceived in the sovereign neutral perspective. They are reaching the highest point of neutral observation even if they are observing themselves.


- Find out the real history of the past without other’s interpretations


- Become a match of vfh, let go of the patterns and allow the universe to reveal to what you are ready for


- Intentional entangled observers, onworlders, offworlders, entities, galactic, universal… to observe a soul family - long term, multi density, multi time observation of you watching your blink patterns, breathing patterns and then they can entangle with it and use it against you or for some positive negative data.


- Most of them are wanting to communicate with us on some level.


We are still in this nothing is happening, confusion state… one now in June/July/Aug to happen … windows of high potential…


BETELGEUSE …. Already occurred in 2014 we are going to encounter it at the end of July….to trigger us out of the solar minimum, light flowing through the solar system to trigger the sun to come out of solar minimum.


SOUL FAMILIES & FREQUENCIES  UNIVERSAL VIBRATION MATCHES. They have THEMES…. Some going through hard lessons, bunch of farmers 700 lifetimes, types of lives that you live seen and unseen, HIGH FREUQENCY ONES: GENIUS SOULS HELPING OTHERS TO GET OUT OF LIMITING PERCEPTION, REBELS INTO A PATRIOTIC FAMILY, GAY INTO CONSERVATIVE FAMILIES, FREQUENCY MIGHT BE HIGH but teaching at a lower density


THE FASTER YOU GO THE MORE YOU ARE AVOIDING……… DMT STATE X 8


Very high DMT state ….. Times 8 speed…. One second is 8 seconds…. You need to slow down every aspect of your life. FORGIVE YOURSELF FOR GOING SO FAST….. I am chosing to slow down the speed of light so I can begin to experience this reality – DRIVE ON CRUISE CONTROL


The body needs to lower its biomagnetic frequency and then the power will have a powerful release and have a great vision. YOU NEED TO BURN CALORIES AND STAY IN A MEDITATIVE STATE…. Get your overpowered super muscle mind to get you into this is my meditation. YOU ARE CHANGING THE SPEED IN WHICH LIGHT WAVES ARE INTERACTING WITH YOUR BODY. YOU MIND IS SUPER FAST BUT YOUR BODY IS PART OF YOUR PERCEPTION JOURNEY. YOUR BODY IS OPERATING AT A LOWER VIBRATIONAL WAVELENGTH, NOT A LOWER FREQUENCY. YOU’VE GOT TO MATCH THE WAVE LENGTH OF THE BODY AND THE MIND. 1hr

