Humanity’s evolution has been enmeshed in stories since the beginning of time. All our values and worldly guidance seem to derive from stories. Stories created and told by our ancestors, recited and rewritten by the ones that followed into the footsteps of the ones gone before. We tell and chronicle our stories as if putting words to paper allows us to find meaning in a reality that is defined by our experiences. Every story has a beginning, a middle and an end representing the joys and dramas within the cycle of life. The spiral of existence as an infinite set of co-ordinates in this space-time reality full of wonder and jubilation as well as trauma, trepidation and misguidance. Death follows birth, shadow defines light and everything in between comes down to individual choice. Human beings have an innate drive to create. We are creator beings with infinite possibilities available to us determined by our attention and intention. As much as we strive towards peace and harmony we love to create drama. It’s a fact, let’s not beat around the bush here. We at times become addicted to the drama and distraction so freely available in this world. It fuels the all so important feelings, makes us feel alive albeit this kind of animation is usually short lived and rather draining. Under false and misguided pretence of what determines being humane we easily get drawn into other people’s misery to either feel their pain, to judge or rescue them. Human nature is kind and cruel at the same time which makes us susceptible to polarity and programming. It is this lie of hardship and tension being required to earn ones living rather than ease and joy that proliferates the world, hundreds of broadcast networks and movie studios all over the world — Hollywood, Bollywood, Hong Kong, Shanghai, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, British Broadcasting Corporation, and too many more to list — all servicing humanity's insatiable appetite for programming, which is drama for the most part. Humanity has been indoctrinated into believing that dwelling on drama, trauma, lack and hardship will eventually lead to peace and prosperity. Most of us still do believe that without questioning. Isn't that strange?
