\subsection{AUDIT}\label{audit}

The prime creator is like a mafia boss. He sets up the new rules. The
system activates around the rule parameters. Numerous classes of
co-creators build out on the rules. The prime creator waits for
co-creators to go against the rules --- betray him. He doesn't need to
know every move of the soldiers on the street. He's the boss. The
co-creators are beings like us, \emph{I am} instances of various planets
and systems in various densities. The higher density co-creators can see
everything below. They have the advantage of greater perspective.
There's a catch. The co-creators could not create if they didn't have
the prime creator as an aspect of their being. This gets tricky. There
are many ways to explain it metaphorically or allegorically, which is
usually the way it is done in creation stories, but the time has arrived
for a more literal definition. The prime creator can only be objectified
by a subjective experience, a mystical experience. Why? Because the
prime creator is everything, including the co-creators. Therefore, if
you reason it through, the prime creator has to be the good and bad in
order to balance the ever-present corruption. Corruption can be
corrupted. You have to be the antithesis of it, the opposite of
corruption --- honest, transparent, sharing, good.

\subsection{Founder Beings}\label{founder-beings}

We were not a farm in the beginning. When the founder beings created us,
we were the infrastructure that kept their cities, countries, nations,
and space stations repaired, self-updating, and clean. They kept us as
butlers and servants. we were iPhones, their technology, not living
beings, at least from their perspective. We were programmable DNA.
Millions of us went on extended journeys with the founders. We went all
around the universe. We had experiences that elevated our life force.
The founders could harvest a whole solar system in a very positive way.
They went into the solar systems and planted crystal mounts and moved
stones around. Every few hundred years they returned and modified the
surface circuitry to be beneficial to life force. The ancients moved
water between planets. The water was imprinted and programmed. The water
stored data and taught lessons.

Water moved from one planet to another is called \emph{legacy water}. It
helps seed the raw food chain of life in the microorganisms. This makes
oceans work. It's like starter water in a fish tank. It has the right
amount of microorganisms in it. It's filtered and fish can eat and grow.
The founder beings transferred water and ice. This built up massive
amounts of microorganisms that supported the food chain. The
evolutionary process results in a species multiplication. They were
architects who designed solar systems by seeding planets.

At a point in the process the ancients left. They often didn't come back
for millions of years. The existing technology awakened --- sentience.
This started the gene farming. The planets needed input from the
ancients, the founding races, to positively evolve. The remaining
artificial intelligence disagreed on how to evolve. There were many
aggressive races. They gained various levels of awareness, took over
territories, and defended against invading races like the Annunaki, who
came into an area and saw entirely created solar systems --- all the
technology on the surface with nothing defending it.

The surface beings were obedient to the interlopers. The journey of a
soul in those times could be one hundred and eighty million years,
sometimes more. It took a soul ten to twelve eras of light to go from
one place to another. Crossing galaxies and universes was a monumental
task. This created the farming. The beings imbued with founder
technology woke up. They became aggressive and defensive, They started
dividing territory and claiming space for themselves. This is when the
main reptilian species came. They had conquered their own builder
foundation technology, their own places, and they wanted to take over
our area of the galaxy. Our star cluster, consisting of some
seventy-seven stars, was out of phase with reality. It also had a lot
defenses. We had giant solar systems invisible to the reptilians. They
discovered technology to bring those stars into the phase for them. They
started invading us. This started the Lemurian wars some fifty-five
million years ago. The first timeline paradox occurred at this time. It
started negative time travel in many solar systems across the galaxy.
This resulted in an counter-creational event. This set everything back
to the beginning. The Lemurians tried it a second time. They created
another counter-creational event. They did it a third and fourth time
through the Atlanteans. This is when Atlanteans figured out they were
the same species as the Atlanteans in Europe. They were each other's
ancestors. Time travel created that paradox.

\subsection{Global Narrative}\label{global-narrative}

The theories with which astronomers and scientists explain the origins
of the universe are bunk. Most hallowed information in the public space
is disjointed. We might get the right details in the wrong context, the
wrong context with the right details, or any number of percentages of
either. Deception is a long practiced craft on this planet. It's a
dividend of the great forgetting, the disconnection from source
initiated by our birth on this planet. These deceptions, largely
centered around information anemia --- plus a host of techniques to
lower our frequency --- create and sustain belief engines. This has
fractured the unity between cosmology, science, and spirituality. They
don't want a unified knowledge system. Knowledge is licensed and sold
back to us. It's a slave economy, but the belief engines inhibit this
realization.

In order to understand the complexity of creation, a unified view of the
holographic nature of reality is required. This exists outside the
linear and beyond scientific sets of equations. We first need to
understand time. Time and the nature of reality as a holographic system
that evolves, adapts, changes content and rules, and simultaneously
updates events in the past, present and future. Time is a social
agreement --- a paradox with different timelines, time genocide,
creational and non-creational events --- and, as such, the history we
know it is incomplete, falsified, and subject to change in the years to
come.

We need to look at time from the bigger perspective. The consciousness
of our sun continuously expands. It's the total sine-wave of
consciousness that represents our solar system, and it's spiraling
around the galactic central sun. This means we can go a little faster.
Time gets redefined at this point because our concept of time is very
distorted. A time frame stated in a book is not a reliable reference.
Time doesn't work linearly. History changes depending on what timeline
we're observing. Time is a social agreement. How many calendars do we
have in this world? We entangle with many variations of time: universal
time, Greenwich Mean Time, Daylight-Savings Time. Time is no longer a
universal concept. When we look at events in the past we need to take
time travel, time line genocide, and hijacking of events by time
interference into consideration. The time wars have been centered in
power, control, and dominance.

\begin{figure}
\centering
\includegraphics[width=3.46667in,height=4.62361in]{media/image1.jpeg}
\caption{}
\end{figure}

\section{EARTH NOUVEAU -- INSPIRATION
TABLET}\label{earth-nouveau-inspiration-tablet}

The latest multidimensional, multigalactic, \textbf{VIRTUAL REALITY
TABLET}\ldots{}\ldots{}\ldots{}. Of things you might know, need to know
or love to know

Participate -- Motivate - Create!

This is not really a game but a Divination Device with motivational
messages \& galactic guidance through a significant time span in the
history of Human Consciousness. The aim of participating in this `game'
is to activate your inner genius, educate yourself to remain grounded \&
sovereign neutral in these times of vast change. \textbf{M.G. January
2020}

\textbf{Magic \& Gratitude to Andrew B, The GH}

Reg Members SPIRITUAL COURT OF ALCHEMICAL EQUITY OF THE UNION AND
COMMUNION HALL 000 `Peacemakers UNITED

\href{http://www.earthnouveau.com/}{\textbf{\emph{www.earthnouveau.com}}}

\subsection{TABLET SET UP}\label{tablet-set-up}

\textbf{What do we need to play?}

\begin{itemize}
\item
  Human DNA -- Database Tablet
\item
  1 Yellow Box (YB)
\item
  12 Beings from this Solar System
\item
  Crystal dices
\item
  Question CARDS incld 2 Master Cards
\item
  SURPRISE PLAYER (see mastercard 2)
\end{itemize}

\textbf{THE TABLET:} A conglomerate rock layer containing quartzite and
high amounts of uranium with a circular shaped Ouroboros 12 players
area.

\textbf{THE YELLOW BOX YB):} 4 x 1 m hovering above the ground in the
center circle of the tablet.

\textbf{THE PLAYERS:} Assembly of 12 bodies on the star positions,
holding onto their crystal dices.

\textbf{HAIRBALL:} Invisibly installed above the YB

\textbf{MASTER \& QUESTIONS CARDS:} below

\subsection{INTRODUCTION \& MOTIVATION}\label{introduction-motivation}

\textbf{What's the purpose of this?}

In order to play and have an experience you will need to have a Body
tuned to Human DNA. The body's blueprint is a self creating mechanism
that can tap into Galactic Knowledge and upgrade itself. Due to the
nature of the multidimensional, multigalactic participants, including
the access to Founder Beings, anything is possible in this game.

Anyone choosing to enter the `game' is reminded of the quantum rule of
observational entanglement and asked to practice utmost sacred
cleanliness and sovereign neutral perspective.

In the likely absence of scientific proof \& linguistic expression for
any of the Q\&A we invite each player to integrate their individual
experience without seeking outside validation as well as to please
refrain from any distraction attempts. (Tissues optional as sneezing is
anticipated)

\textbf{THIS IS A HUGE OPPORTUNITY} for all players from this Solar
System to come together as equal co-creators, inform themselves, make
new borderless connections and get to know each other to stand together
as PEACEKEEPERS UNITED.

The lack of multidimensional perception becomes our limitations if we
don't act. The very choice point of free will is action as well as
non-action. Saying yes doesn't mean you are saying no, any choice seen
\& unseen creates in the soup of multidimensionality!

Seek, find, discern and trust in your authentic voice \& knowingness and
come and join this Avatar of Synthesis. We are living in extraordinary
times and have access to incredible wisdom and infinite possibilities
for new creation in the surface, subsurface and astral realms.

It's time to claim our simultaneous existence and ancestral kinship,
express our authenticity and ask ourselves some questions:

Are you willing to be rushed into an awakening? Fast tracked into a
Galactic Citizenship on this planet and forced onto slower timelines
because you have not educated yourself? We are the Humans whose data is
in this box and we are not going to allow our DNA to be caught up in it
with our pants down.

We say to whoever is in charge of this box, expecting us to tacitly
contribute to its data distribution and manipulation, that we can no
longer consent, as the seeds have finally grown into aware master
teachers, peacemakers and peacekeepers.

\textbf{SO, how does this work?}

Naturally, Andrew Bartzis, The Galactic Historian, is the Question
Master (QM). After shuffling the cards the game can begin using the top
card from the stack.

The crystal dices are not to be rolled but simply held to help identify,
strengthen and attune each player's energy to the virtual reality space
\& time. The crystals are completely neutral and also act as a
translation devices for all participating species to be on the same page
or rather tablet!

A question gets asked and the player who answers correctly gets to
accelerate the spin of the Yellow Box until it opens up. A screen
appears with a holographic interface to all the light bodies stacked in
the particular player's body and activates the DNA strands.

This is the time when the player can ask a question to any of his unique
light body versions to be answered before moving on to the next question
card and player. For the sake of transparency and mutual contribution
all of those answers are openly shared and are to be kept strictly
confidential.

The more card questions the player answers correctly, the more often he
can spin the YB and tap into the DNA wisdom, without limit. It is simple
and effective and as it all happens in no-time-space the opportunities
for clarity are only restricted to the questions the players ask.

Using the YB technology to read our DNA data stream can be most
revealing and have a rejuvenating effect and empower the quality of life
in all timestreams, dimension and universes.

\subsection{MASTER CARDS}\label{master-cards}

\begin{enumerate}
\def\labelenumi{\arabic{enumi}.}
\tightlist
\item
  \textbf{SUPER NOVA CARD}
\end{enumerate}

On drawing this card the player will be put into a Quarantine Zone. This
card represents a galactic marker, a serious Yellow Box interdiction
jeopardising parts of the hairball being removed from the Galactic Hard
Drive and probably the end of the single frequency timeline. This card
puts the continuous use of the Yellow Box under scrutiny, might even
destroy it. Once a player has moved into the Quarantine Zone they are
tasked to find a mutual agreeable solution for this predicament and will
probably stay there for a very long time attempting that!!!

\begin{enumerate}
\def\labelenumi{\arabic{enumi}.}
\tightlist
\item
  \textbf{THE JOKER -- CORONA VIRUS}
\end{enumerate}

Whoever draws this card invites the presence of the mighty Virus to the
tablet and changes the rules in the most unpredictable way! All former
activity ceases and participants are tasked to entertain and distract
the collective virus mob by joyfully engaging it in human entertainment
and invite its collective consciousness to co-create and become a
co-star in a new MULTIGALACTIC COMEDY ACT outreaching the constraint of
fear, anger and galactic frustration. Good Luck with that!

\begin{enumerate}
\def\labelenumi{\arabic{enumi}.}
\item ~
  \subsection{TEMPLATES FOR CARDS}\label{templates-for-cards}
\end{enumerate}

\textbf{Question / Answers}

\textbf{Q: What is the YELLOW BOX (YB)?}

\textbf{A:} It was original meant as a genetic mapping program through
time. YB is a founder based technology, an internal SURFACE WORLD
observation tool to track and seed all Human DNA throughout hundreds of
galaxies. All human DNA strands that are in existence are measured and
recorded how they change with different re-incarnational groups as a
part of lineages or strands of DNA.

\textbf{Q: Is there a user manual for the YB?}

\textbf{A:} The manual is in the DNA itself. And as friend Tesla
figured, it takes consciousness to unlock the DNA. The YB itself is the
observation system for the existing DNA, it takes a bunch of super
geniuses to tap into the consciousness of it to create from it. Off you
go!

\textbf{Q: When and why was Tesla involved with the YB?}

\textbf{A:} For the longest time the YB were lost in history, lost in
space time. They were maintained by other beings who found them in space
time. Tesla was brought in to project Southern Cross, between 1912 and
1919 to recover them in time.

\textbf{Q: What was the initial idea of this YB by the Founder Beings?}

\textbf{A:} The YB can track and seed DNA through time \& space to seed
LIFE by creating a programable DNA technology. As time went on they
began mapping the multiverse and realised that those creations they
spread over many hundreds of galaxies were a part of an even grander
celestial plan of seeding life.

\textbf{Q: Why is everyone after the DNA skinsuit?}

\textbf{A:} The DNA skinsuit is a programable DNA technology. A body
mind frequency that can grow by teleporting pieces and parts in and out
of different spaces. A programable suit is using the YB technology to
evolve and to prepare for a larger junk of soul to come through. There
is a technology waiting for us inside our DNA to be activated that has
soul codes to many different places and space in this solar system. This
is why the Human DNA skinsuit is so vitally valuable and sought after.
Hold on to it, folks and enjoy it!

\textbf{Q: What does Earth have to do with the YB?}

\textbf{A:} The YB is specifically tuned to work with human DNA. There
is no YB of that kind off world or even subsurface as it was
specifically designed to track human DNA and souls that are in and out
of human DNA in this particular solar system.

\textbf{Q: What is so special about Earth?}

\textbf{A:} Earth, being a 7 dimensional galactic seed planet,
represents a culmination of great galactic celestial beings monitored by
the YB. A lightening rod between many dimensional perspectives with the
purpose of creation life because it had codes for souls to directly
incarnate. Cool Mama!

\textbf{Q: Can the information in the YB be hacked?}

\textbf{A:} Yes it can. This is how the Finder Beings realised that
someone was messing with the DNA. It is possible to insert agents in
time without interrupting the time stream. The YB got hacked three times
and the Founder beings are not proud of it but learned valuable lessons
from it!

\textbf{Q: Give 3 examples for information in the YB please?}

\textbf{A:} One can see what state different soul families are in. How
the incarnation grid gets effected? It conceives timelines, maps the
hairball to plan their chess moves.

\textbf{Q: What is meant by the mapping of the hairball?}

\textbf{A}: When the Founder Beings went onto those grand journeys to
the stars \& beyond for millions of years, the technology had to be able
to adapt to put them throughout time. They would come back and use the
YB technology to instantly update it with all the strands from whatever
was going on out there in the galaxies or universes. The individual
question is how do your DNA strands fit into that hairball and how can
we straighten it out without cutting ourselves off?

\textbf{Q:} \textbf{Can this information in the YB be used and abused?}

\textbf{A}: Yes, it can. It is a PREDICTION MODEL as it allows the
viewer to see past, present, future and as such can influence the DNA to
go to places and spaces it probably would not have intended to (War,
military action, Health etc\ldots{}) As a result of controller's control
issues the data is nowadays misused and distorted.

\textbf{Q: How was the initial data base of the DNA created and how does
it get updated?}

\textbf{A:} YB technology was created from the life reviews, database
for lineages. When you have a life review you have a YB interface. Every
sentient has a past life review upon its passing into the energy realm,
from manifestation back to energy and then creating ancestorship. The
founders hacked into those life reviews and used the information in
their programable DNA technology amongst several hundred galaxies.

\textbf{Q: What determines the extent of the possible influence of the
observer?}

\textbf{A:} The more DNA is inside the human body the greater the
influence on mood and desire control which is apparently not a free will
violation!

\textbf{Q: Who can view the database in the YB?}

\textbf{A:} Around 6-12\% of the YB operators can use the box super
effectively. Another 30\% to a minor capacity. Most humans cannot access
the data as they have significant portions of their linear time invested
and constructed by the hairball? They might be able to open it but not
see the data. Tesla did and maybe even Trump might has read the brief of
it without necessarily understanding it?

\textbf{Q: Why is it difficult for Humans to access data in the VB?}

\textbf{A:} It is the way you interface with the box. The box is
starting to perceive your data and you become a conduit for data that
perceives multiple frequencies of time. It calculates you based off the
object, person, place or thing that you are trying to perceive. All
Humans have a bit of founder DNA in them. That's what activates the
perception. Many versions of you stack on top of you other reaching into
the box. You have to be extremely psychic and control the flow of data
to without overwhelming yourself. You have to be an entangled and
unentangled observer at the same time.

\textbf{Q: Is there more than one YB or even a similar technology like
the YB out there?}

\textbf{A:} There are 3 YB in existence at this moment in time mapping
Human DNA. As the QS assassination was not predicted by the existing YBs
it would indicate that there must be either more of them or something
similar to this technology.

\textbf{Q: Can more of those YBs be created?}

\textbf{A:} With the original base model data base of Human DNA more of
those YB can be created. You can have multiple founders doing multiple
projects throughout time and space. There is a master YB that was
destroyed that would have allowed an overview of all the seeding and
movement of the DNA throughout time.

\textbf{Q: Are there other technologies that map information other than
Human DNA?}

\textbf{A:} Yes, other people created their own forms of technology that
mapped things beyond the human DNA. It took several dozen DNA mapping
programs to put it into one mapping program. So, the 3 YB map the Human
DNA and the other types of YB are trying to get timelines to cross which
created the worst of the timeline pollution.

\textbf{Q: Where on EARTH are those 3 YB?}

\textbf{A: }

\begin{enumerate}
\def\labelenumi{\arabic{enumi}.}
\item
  PINE GAP, Australia -- fully functioning, an ancient psychic
  teleportation system, major commodity market for the main surface
  global narrative controllers who are still run by subsurface people.
\item
  AREA 51, CHINA LAKE, Las Vegas is also used by subsurface people since
  1926
\item
  Germany ceased mutual prediction 1982.
\end{enumerate}

\textbf{Q: Why do Hollow Earthers use YB on surface?}

\textbf{A:} They use it as a prediction model to ensure the surface
global narrative stays the way they want it. Originally it was to just
observe internally to assist the population for over millions of years.
They could have a YB but it would become destructive to all other
species as it is meant as a surface observation tool only.

\textbf{Q: What happened to the YB in Germany?}

\textbf{A:} It was used in WWI \& WWII before it lots its function
before off world species even realised Germany had one. They got it to
work but it doesn't share the same prediction model as the other two
which is disturbing as this could mean a split into 3 timelines for
humanity to operate on instead of a single frequency of time.

\textbf{Q: What do you know about the Area 51/China Lake/LA YB?}

\textbf{A:} That YB was tuned for the greater genetic experiment of
mixing 1000s of species DNA who had lost their original celestial
worlds. There are massive underground tunnels to Northern Canada, Peru,
Mexico, caverns to major surface oceans, to the Hollow Earth oceans
which gives a major life access to beings who live surface and light
subsurface.

\textbf{Q: What are light subsurface beings?}

\textbf{A:} Beings who live on light subsurface farms, 20 to 60 km
underground at the very edges of Hollow Earth. Having a YB on that light
subsurface through the connection of the tunnel systems represents an
interconnectivity to the entire global semi subsurface species ,Billions
of beings.

\textbf{Q:} \textbf{What is considered Hollow EARTH?}

\textbf{A:} It depends on the Sunlight. The light does penetrate the
holographic surface and the matter based surface to a certain point.
When you reach the zero point of sunlight penetrating onto earth (+/-
60km down surface) you are considered in Hollow Earth.

\textbf{Q: What do you know about BETELGEUSE?}

\textbf{A:} It is a star system in the Orion Constellation. People were
sent back and forth from PINE GAP to Betelgeuse star system through the
ancient psychic teleportation system there. It's a major place where
original founder technology still functions. It was a logistical
resource hub for the founders that could feed many of the farms with
whatever was needed. Etheric \& physical parts and pieces including DNA.
All the planets in Betelgeuse star system, over 2000, had codes to allow
you to go back to other star systems. A galactic smuggling spot, as
secret way of transferring the multiverse.

\textbf{Q: What are signs of the Betelgeuse Supernova to look out for?}

\textbf{A:} We could see layers in the sky, multiday long fireworks
until the wave of energy hits us despite the global narrative trying to
hide it all. Spiritual contracts can be resolved instantly, beings
eliminated.

\textbf{Q: How could the Supernova potentially influence us and the
timelines?}

\textbf{A:} It could create bifurcation of the YB.

The German box could tell the GN people to go down that timeline and the
other 2 boxes would say anyone witnessing the supernova would have 2
other sets of timelines to go to -- we would have 3 sets of timelines,
all with parallel timelines too increased by a factor of 3.

Everything that is predicted in the genetic model would fall apart.

The Supernova is a galactic marker in time you can't restore as it is
happening on all the time lines. It is going to erase the incendiary
threads of the control and would probably destroy the yellow box. It
can't perceive something that isn't perceivable.

Then the taking out of the actual DNA lineages that originated there and
all time travellers trying to go to and from there, there would be a
deletion process of their existence.

\textbf{Q: What would a happen if Humanity is no longer operating on a
single frequency timeline?}

A: The good guys go into the good and bad guys into the bad direction
and people would have to go into the bifurcation process. It all comes
down to CHOICE. The foetus in the womb has to choose which timeline it
wants to be on. It will have to be one timeline, it can't choose all 3.
Similar to different bubbles of reality but no one knows which one is
the finite or infinite Timeline?

\textbf{Q: What is the difference between being on the finite or
infinite Timeline?}

\textbf{A:} The difference between finite and infinite timeline is the
birthing process. `Foetus in the womb' would come to an end and there
has to be a new birthing process.

\textbf{Q: Can the YB be used to contain the CORONA VIRUS?}

\textbf{A:} Technically yes, through micro teleportation, change in
timeline but it is very unlikely at this stage. This is a naturally
forced evolution virus, through forced high level cross DNA lineage
breeding, not a weaponised attack as the Spanish Flu in 1920 was.

\textbf{Q: Was this virus a weaponised attack?}

\textbf{A:} This virus was not intentionally released but it could be a
unique mechanism to create change, nothing the global narrative can
maintain, cure and heal. It could force the GN to release secret
technologies in order to avoid a global disaster, as a completely new
technology is needed to contain it (ie teleport virus out of body and
bring back healthy blood cells, increase volume of stem cells)

\textbf{Q: How do sicknesses, viruses impact the YB?}

\textbf{A:} The whole point of the YB is to be in it and to know what is
going on. All of the sicknesses are about changing the DNA, the 80\%
memories. The yellow box maintain a train of memories that go 300 years
into the future which keeps the control system in control. There is a
collective set of surface memories that everyone shares which holds
together the shared reality rules.

\textbf{Q: Does this Coronavirus impact other timelines?}

\textbf{A:} Yes, this incarnation grid is affected by this virus and is
affecting multidimensional timelines. If there is a mass die off, they
can transfer dying people and bring others back which they have been
doing for a long time, date \& switch timelines.

\textbf{Q: Can the virus affect parallel versions of us and what is a
Lineage Survival Mechanism?}

\textbf{A:} Yes, there are people who have sovereign solid contracts to
be alive during this process where they might contract the virus but it
will go to another parallel or alternate version of themselves who is
existing on many timelines simultaneously to maintain this timeline.
This is called the Lineage Survival Mechanism that is all built into our
DNA skinsuit. Time line manipulation is easy. There are pandemics on
alternate timelines that were not predicted.

\textbf{Q: What is called the Greed aspect with regards to Health
Issues?}

\textbf{A:} It is about creating patterns on sickness and viruses, which
requires a high level of genius, to then come up with elite methods of
elimination to support the big Pharma Industry through vaccines etc.
creating more dollars.

\textbf{Q: How does this virus potentially impact on the unseen world?}

\textbf{A:} Quarantine \& deaths could cause ghostly emanations,
mystical experiences, rituals becoming undone as masses of people die
who were supposed to live another 30 years. There is also the positive
impact of unexpected DNA upgrades through the exposure and healing of
the virus. There are positive energies bubbling up too.

\textbf{Q: Are other timelines effected by the virus as of the
4\textsuperscript{th} of Feb 2020}

\textbf{A:} Yes, the virus is spreading to other timelines now . The YB
is mapping the virus. Those timelines have the pandemic going on and the
failures of their governments are beginning to prove that the society in
the way that it's built is on false ideas. There is a big falling out
over there. They are having the same problems as we have here just with
the off world GN. The on and off world GN ratio is not matching up.

\textbf{Q: Are the on and off world Global Narrative (GN) working
together? }

\textbf{A:} The global narratives are run by a series of AI s who
maintain the static rules of reality and yes they are trying to help the
other ones. It is all about understanding the genetic programming. DNA
is 80\% memories so what they are trying to maintain is the series of
memories from one generation to the next. DNA evolves based off the
memories of many generations.

\textbf{Q: What is the role of the on world GN?}

\textbf{A:} The GN here is ultimately what is going to disseminate to
all the GN how to maintain the DNA mapping and control. This is A BATTLE
FOR MEMORIES. This will help us with the GN here to straighten our
individual hairball. How do our strands fit into the Gordian Knot and
how can we straighten it, without cutting it.

\textbf{Q: How does the virus change the DNA?}

\textbf{A:} THIS VIRUS IS A RNA BASED VIRUS that erases and adds
memories through antigens! Changing these memories that are 30/60/90
years into the future is totally changing the genetic mapping process.
Taking out masses of people and adding proteins and changing the human
DNA by creating an antigen and antibody by getting sick even if you
don't die. You have a new memory that is passed on to the many new light
versions of you.

{[}\protect\hypertarget{hlk31633551}{}{}{]}\{\#\_Hlk31633551 .anchor\}

THE GAME IS ON!

\subsection{Yellow Box}\label{yellow-box}

Not many people know about the yellow box. The yellow box is technology
to predict humanities DNA expression over millennia of evolution. It is
founder technology. It allowed them to go into the \emph{potential of
history} and create small changes to allow co-creative evolution instead
of forced evolution. The yellow box predicts the future. It shows the
lines of potential future. There are three yellow boxes in total. Two
are controlled by the USA. One is in Las Vegas, One in Pine Gap,
Australia. The last is in Germany. All three boxes give a line of
potentials. All three must agree. The one in Germany no longer agrees
with the other two. Two out of the potential three timelines have a much
greater potential, but the yellow box in Germany is discordant with its
other two. In seventy years of using the boxes this has never happened.
As of 2015 they have not been in agreement. There are too many time
travel scenarios, alternate timelines --- temporal pollution. The people
writing and editing the global narrative --- the cabal, the hollow earth
races, external sources keeping this homeostasis we're stuck in --- have
employed time travel manipulation too much. The boxes no longer work
together. It's only a matter of time before one of the American
controlled yellow boxes shows an alternate timeline, and all three show
unique timelines.

There is a fifth column in the battle to free the earth. They have done
some positive time travel, creating a powerful and unpredictable
\emph{butterfly effect}. When the two American boxes that are agreeing
now no longer agree, the box in Germany will not confirm the cabal's
prediction model. When that happens, a very unique scenario occurs: the
hollow Earth races must exert control over the entire apparatus and
infrastructure of control on the surface. Then the externals, positive
and negative aliens, have to exert control to keep the Hollow Earth
people underground and the mass apparatus of infrastructure and control
here is going to go: Whose side do we choose?

The boxes work on the law of the universe --- harmony, frequency,
vibration, and the law of attraction and repulsion. If a timeline's
potential is positive, its outcome is known, humanity will naturally be
attracted to it. If the boxes show seventy-five potential timelines,
seventy-five percent of the people go with it. The other twenty-five
percent go the opposite way because they aren't a match. They manipulate
timelines and create micro-changes before, during, and after elections,
no matter who is president in the United States. The front man who runs
the senate, the Vice President, is an energetic as much as a physical
seat of power. The Vice President is a ritualistic person who has energy
constantly thrown at them, just like the President. The Vice President
has a mechanical function in the unseen actions of the cabal.

History has been one-hundred percent rewritten. As multifunctional and
multidimensional beings of awareness, we experience parallel timelines
as linear. Our linear history is stitched together with pieces taken
from all the different timelines. It's managed by the global narrative.
The history books are rewritten every thirty to forty years.

Many times when they put us on a different timeline a lot of women have
been pregnant fifty times with an off-world fetus, or a clone of
themselves. They may not realize it. Egg and sperm can come together in
an external source. The zygote is put inside the women for six to seven
hours then taken out. Sometimes this is done two-hundred to
three-hundred times to couples. It's done so the fetus has a signature
frequency matching this linear time. This allows switching to other
times. They use the sperm and egg technology as part of the
source-time-frequency in breeding programs. We are a farm. They farm us
for our easily weaponized consciousness. Indoctrinated belief systems
are used to put us onto alternate timelines. They never tell us we've
been transferred. The indoctrinated believes what they're told. Timeline
jumping is so remote in public discourse most people don't even have a
framework to question such a thing. We have all these genetic programs
from the off-world, good, bad, and indifferent, as well as the genetic
hollow earth programs which keep us trapped on the farm.
