



**Q: What is the YELLOW BOX (YB)?**

**A:** It was original meant as a genetic mapping program through time.
YB is a founder based technology, an internal SURFACE WORLD observation
tool to track and seed all Human DNA throughout hundreds of galaxies.
All human DNA strands that are in existence are measured and recorded
how they change with different re-incarnational groups as a part of
lineages or strands of DNA.

**Q: Is there a user manual for the YB?**

**A:** The manual is in the DNA itself. And as friend Tesla figured, it
takes consciousness to unlock the DNA. The YB itself is the observation
system for the existing DNA, it takes a bunch of super geniuses to tap
into the consciousness of it to create from it. Off you go!

**Q: When and why was Tesla involved with the YB?**

**A:** For the longest time the YB were lost in history, lost in space
time. They were maintained by other beings who found them in space time.
Tesla was brought in to project Southern Cross, between 1912 and 1919 to
recover them in time.

**Q: What was the initial idea of this YB by the Founder Beings?**

**A:** The YB can track and seed DNA through time & space to seed LIFE
by creating a programable DNA technology. As time went on they began
mapping the multiverse and realised that those creations they spread
over many hundreds of galaxies were a part of an even grander celestial
plan of seeding life.

**Q: Why is everyone after the DNA skinsuit?**

**A:** The DNA skinsuit is a programable DNA technology. A body mind
frequency that can grow by teleporting pieces and parts in and out of
different spaces. A programable suit is using the YB technology to
evolve and to prepare for a larger junk of soul to come through. There
is a technology waiting for us inside our DNA to be activated that has
soul codes to many different places and space in this solar system. This
is why the Human DNA skinsuit is so vitally valuable and sought after.
Hold on to it, folks and enjoy it!

**Q: What does Earth have to do with the YB?**

**A:** The YB is specifically tuned to work with human DNA. There is no
YB of that kind off world or even subsurface as it was specifically
designed to track human DNA and souls that are in and out of human DNA
in this particular solar system.

**Q: What is so special about Earth?**

**A:** Earth, being a 7 dimensional galactic seed planet, represents a
culmination of great galactic celestial beings monitored by the YB. A
lightening rod between many dimensional perspectives with the purpose of
creation life because it had codes for souls to directly incarnate. Cool
Mama!

**Q: Can the information in the YB be hacked?**

**A:** Yes it can. This is how the Finder Beings realised that someone
was messing with the DNA. It is possible to insert agents in time
without interrupting the time stream. The YB got hacked three times and
the Founder beings are not proud of it but learned valuable lessons from
it!

**Q: Give 3 examples for information in the YB please?**

**A:** One can see what state different soul families are in. How the
incarnation grid gets effected? It conceives timelines, maps the
hairball to plan their chess moves.

**Q: What is meant by the mapping of the hairball?**

**A**: When the Founder Beings went onto those grand journeys to the
stars & beyond for millions of years, the technology had to be able to
adapt to put them throughout time. They would come back and use the YB
technology to instantly update it with all the strands from whatever was
going on out there in the galaxies or universes. The individual question
is how do your DNA strands fit into that hairball and how can we
straighten it out without cutting ourselves off?

**Q:** **Can this information in the YB be used and abused?**

**A**: Yes, it can. It is a PREDICTION MODEL as it allows the viewer to
see past, present, future and as such can influence the DNA to go to
places and spaces it probably would not have intended to (War, military
action, Health etc…) As a result of controller’s control issues the data
is nowadays misused and distorted.

**Q: How was the initial data base of the DNA created and how does it
get updated?**

**A:** YB technology was created from the life reviews, database for
lineages. When you have a life review you have a YB interface. Every
sentient has a past life review upon its passing into the energy realm,
from manifestation back to energy and then creating ancestorship. The
founders hacked into those life reviews and used the information in
their programable DNA technology amongst several hundred galaxies.

**Q: What determines the extent of the possible influence of the
observer?**

**A:** The more DNA is inside the human body the greater the influence
on mood and desire control which is apparently not a free will
violation!

**Q: Who can view the database in the YB?**

**A:** Around 6-12% of the YB operators can use the box super
effectively. Another 30% to a minor capacity. Most humans cannot access
the data as they have significant portions of their linear time invested
and constructed by the hairball? They might be able to open it but not
see the data. Tesla did and maybe even Trump might has read the brief of
it without necessarily understanding it?

**Q: Why is it difficult for Humans to access data in the VB?**

**A:** It is the way you interface with the box. The box is starting to
perceive your data and you become a conduit for data that perceives
multiple frequencies of time. It calculates you based off the object,
person, place or thing that you are trying to perceive. All Humans have
a bit of founder DNA in them. That’s what activates the perception. Many
versions of you stack on top of you other reaching into the box. You
have to be extremely psychic and control the flow of data to without
overwhelming yourself. You have to be an entangled and unentangled
observer at the same time.

**Q: Is there more than one YB or even a similar technology like the YB
out there?**

**A:** There are 3 YB in existence at this moment in time mapping Human
DNA. As the QS assassination was not predicted by the existing YBs it
would indicate that there must be either more of them or something
similar to this technology.

**Q: Can more of those YBs be created?**

**A:** With the original base model data base of Human DNA more of those
YB can be created. You can have multiple founders doing multiple
projects throughout time and space. There is a master YB that was
destroyed that would have allowed an overview of all the seeding and
movement of the DNA throughout time.

**Q: Are there other technologies that map information other than Human
DNA?**

**A:** Yes, other people created their own forms of technology that
mapped things beyond the human DNA. It took several dozen DNA mapping
programs to put it into one mapping program. So, the 3 YB map the Human
DNA and the other types of YB are trying to get timelines to cross which
created the worst of the timeline pollution.

**Q: Where on EARTH are those 3 YB?**

**A: **

1.  PINE GAP, Australia – fully functioning, an ancient psychic
    teleportation system, major commodity market for the main surface
    global narrative controllers who are still run by subsurface people.

2.  AREA 51, CHINA LAKE, Las Vegas is also used by subsurface people
    since 1926

3.  Germany ceased mutual prediction 1982.

**Q: Why do Hollow Earthers use YB on surface?**

**A:** They use it as a prediction model to ensure the surface global
narrative stays the way they want it. Originally it was to just observe
internally to assist the population for over millions of years. They
could have a YB but it would become destructive to all other species as
it is meant as a surface observation tool only.

**Q: What happened to the YB in Germany?**

**A:** It was used in WWI & WWII before it lots its function before off
world species even realised Germany had one. They got it to work but it
doesn’t share the same prediction model as the other two which is
disturbing as this could mean a split into 3 timelines for humanity to
operate on instead of a single frequency of time.

**Q: What do you know about the Area 51/China Lake/LA YB?**

**A:** That YB was tuned for the greater genetic experiment of mixing
1000s of species DNA who had lost their original celestial worlds. There
are massive underground tunnels to Northern Canada, Peru, Mexico,
caverns to major surface oceans, to the Hollow Earth oceans which gives
a major life access to beings who live surface and light subsurface.

**Q: What are light subsurface beings?**

**A:** Beings who live on light subsurface farms, 20 to 60 km
underground at the very edges of Hollow Earth. Having a YB on that light
subsurface through the connection of the tunnel systems represents an
interconnectivity to the entire global semi subsurface species ,Billions
of beings.

**Q:** **What is considered Hollow EARTH?**

**A:** It depends on the Sunlight. The light does penetrate the
holographic surface and the matter based surface to a certain point.
When you reach the zero point of sunlight penetrating onto earth (+/-
60km down surface) you are considered in Hollow Earth.

**Q: What do you know about BETELGEUSE?**

**A:** It is a star system in the Orion Constellation. People were sent
back and forth from PINE GAP to Betelgeuse star system through the
ancient psychic teleportation system there. It’s a major place where
original founder technology still functions. It was a logistical
resource hub for the founders that could feed many of the farms with
whatever was needed. Etheric & physical parts and pieces including DNA.
All the planets in Betelgeuse star system, over 2000, had codes to allow
you to go back to other star systems. A galactic smuggling spot, as
secret way of transferring the multiverse.

**Q: What are signs of the Betelgeuse Supernova to look out for?**

**A:** We could see layers in the sky, multiday long fireworks until the
wave of energy hits us despite the global narrative trying to hide it
all. Spiritual contracts can be resolved instantly, beings eliminated.

**Q: How could the Supernova potentially influence us and the
timelines?**

**A:** It could create bifurcation of the YB.

The German box could tell the GN people to go down that timeline and the
other 2 boxes would say anyone witnessing the supernova would have 2
other sets of timelines to go to – we would have 3 sets of timelines,
all with parallel timelines too increased by a factor of 3.

Everything that is predicted in the genetic model would fall apart.

The Supernova is a galactic marker in time you can’t restore as it is
happening on all the time lines. It is going to erase the incendiary
threads of the control and would probably destroy the yellow box. It
can’t perceive something that isn’t perceivable.

Then the taking out of the actual DNA lineages that originated there and
all time travellers trying to go to and from there, there would be a
deletion process of their existence.

**Q: What would a happen if Humanity is no longer operating on a single
frequency timeline?**

A: The good guys go into the good and bad guys into the bad direction
and people would have to go into the bifurcation process. It all comes
down to CHOICE. The foetus in the womb has to choose which timeline it
wants to be on. It will have to be one timeline, it can’t choose all 3.
Similar to different bubbles of reality but no one knows which one is
the finite or infinite Timeline?

**Q: What is the difference between being on the finite or infinite
Timeline?**

**A:** The difference between finite and infinite timeline is the
birthing process. ‘Foetus in the womb’ would come to an end and there
has to be a new birthing process.

**Q: Can the YB be used to contain the CORONA VIRUS?**

**A:** Technically yes, through micro teleportation, change in timeline
but it is very unlikely at this stage. This is a naturally forced
evolution virus, through forced high level cross DNA lineage breeding,
not a weaponised attack as the Spanish Flu in 1920 was.

**Q: Was this virus a weaponised attack?**

**A:** This virus was not intentionally released but it could be a
unique mechanism to create change, nothing the global narrative can
maintain, cure and heal. It could force the GN to release secret
technologies in order to avoid a global disaster, as a completely new
technology is needed to contain it (ie teleport virus out of body and
bring back healthy blood cells, increase volume of stem cells)

**Q: How do sicknesses, viruses impact the YB?**

**A:** The whole point of the YB is to be in it and to know what is
going on. All of the sicknesses are about changing the DNA, the 80%
memories. The yellow box maintain a train of memories that go 300 years
into the future which keeps the control system in control. There is a
collective set of surface memories that everyone shares which holds
together the shared reality rules.

**Q: Does this Coronavirus impact other timelines?**

**A:** Yes, this incarnation grid is affected by this virus and is
affecting multidimensional timelines. If there is a mass die off, they
can transfer dying people and bring others back which they have been
doing for a long time, date & switch timelines.

**Q: Can the virus affect parallel versions of us and what is a Lineage
Survival Mechanism?**

**A:** Yes, there are people who have sovereign solid contracts to be
alive during this process where they might contract the virus but it
will go to another parallel or alternate version of themselves who is
existing on many timelines simultaneously to maintain this timeline.
This is called the Lineage Survival Mechanism that is all built into our
DNA skinsuit. Time line manipulation is easy. There are pandemics on
alternate timelines that were not predicted.

**Q: What is called the Greed aspect with regards to Health Issues?**

**A:** It is about creating patterns on sickness and viruses, which
requires a high level of genius, to then come up with elite methods of
elimination to support the big Pharma Industry through vaccines etc.
creating more dollars.

**Q: How does this virus potentially impact on the unseen world?**

**A:** Quarantine & deaths could cause ghostly emanations, mystical
experiences, rituals becoming undone as masses of people die who were
supposed to live another 30 years. There is also the positive impact of
unexpected DNA upgrades through the exposure and healing of the virus.
There are positive energies bubbling up too.

**Q: Are other timelines effected by the virus as of the 4^th^ of Feb
2020**

**A:** Yes, the virus is spreading to other timelines now . The YB is
mapping the virus. Those timelines have the pandemic going on and the
failures of their governments are beginning to prove that the society in
the way that it’s built is on false ideas. There is a big falling out
over there. They are having the same problems as we have here just with
the off world GN. The on and off world GN ratio is not matching up.

**Q: Are the on and off world Global Narrative (GN) working together? **

**A:** The global narratives are run by a series of AI s who maintain
the static rules of reality and yes they are trying to help the other
ones. It is all about understanding the genetic programming. DNA is 80%
memories so what they are trying to maintain is the series of memories
from one generation to the next. DNA evolves based off the memories of
many generations.

**Q: What is the role of the on world GN?**

**A:** The GN here is ultimately what is going to disseminate to all the
GN how to maintain the DNA mapping and control. This is A BATTLE FOR
MEMORIES. This will help us with the GN here to straighten our
individual hairball. How do our strands fit into the Gordian Knot and
how can we straighten it, without cutting it.

**Q: How does the virus change the DNA?**

**A:** THIS VIRUS IS A RNA BASED VIRUS that erases and adds memories
through antigens! Changing these memories that are 30/60/90 years into
the future is totally changing the genetic mapping process. Taking out
masses of people and adding proteins and changing the human DNA by
creating an antigen and antibody by getting sick even if you don’t die.
You have a new memory that is passed on to the many new light versions
of you.

[[]{#hlk31633551 .anchor}]{#_Hlk31633551 .anchor}

THE GAME IS ON!
