
CHAPTER X: WALKIN, VOID SPACE, SOUL FAMILIES
Q: What is a WALK IN? A walk in is a soul exchange of some kind where the walk-in soul merges with the existing DNA technology,  takes over all the genetic imprinting and the soul contracts of the natal soul for the purpose of shifting the consciousness of the host body and or humanity at large.  Walk-in occurrences are extremely rare as they require a lot of preparation during the foetus of the womb planning.  What is the foetus going to do when it has access to the infinite blueprint of synchronicities on many frequencies of time that you are going to be simultaneously existing as a multidimensional I AM with an oversoul and an avatar? You can’t just say my life sucks and I want a walk-in. Let’s say you are depressed and feel suicidal and call out for a walk-in, it doesn’t work that way, all you invite is a haunting scenario. We have to understand the nature of light based experiences without trying to validate the experience before having processed it.
There are many different versions of walk-ins but to break it down as simply as possible, in essence a walk-in scenario is when a soul is born into a body, at some stage decides to leave and either enters another body or goes to the astral world. Many walk-ins report that after the exchange they can’t relate to their old lives because their factions perspective is so radically different. Soul based factions follow an ideology of how to create and resolve karmas, dharmas and how to plan lives. They learn from teachers in the astral world about those perceptions and experiences of life. A soul exchange takes a lot of spiritual contracts to be set up in the pre-birth planning.
Q: What is the purpose of a walk-in? The initial soul that is part of a different faction, belief and ideology has got stuck in an unbreakable cycle of repetition and therefore calls on the pre-programmed walk-in rule to assist in the healing of genetic patterns and programming. Another soul will walk in and take over all the existing spiritual plus the additional walk in contracts so it can have a lot of dual natured experiences that will go forward in linear time as if it was the original soul’s time stamp and soul family expression. It is a soul faction rather than a fractional shard that walks in that has a very different expression as a resolution for the purpose of the host soul.
At times this can feel like a twin that comes in and one can’t tell the difference. In other scenarios it might feel radically divergent to the walk-in itself as well as to others and there can even be physical changes to the body. As a walk-in you take over the contracts of where the host soul left off, you are the same age. The level of awareness that is gained after the experience maybe part of a different obligation, a misunderstanding or greater understanding of the journey. It often and usually takes years to become aware of being a walk in and acknowledge the perspective to that potentiality.
Another layer for reasons of walk-in and walk out is the grander resolution currently. There are a lot of people who needed to be in this time stamp frequency but don’t have the capacity to beat the system because of the mind control and the social engineering that is going on. They have a contract for their soul to walk out and allow spiritual big brother stepping in to fight the system in a new way. That’s again the twinning scenario where the one that walks out becomes the spirit guide and the one that walks in becomes the embodiment to initiate the grand awakening on a grander scale and help shift the consciousness of humanity.
Q: Can you say something about Martina’s walk-in scenario? In Martina’s case her walk-in went backwards in time to influence time in the past. The soul that come forward in time and walked in was to be a unique signature frequency from the past so it could have a present signature frequency that was its future now. That means the ancient future is now real for her and the ancient past is just as real so she can simultaneously be the past, present and future existing selves as a linear and non-linear based teacher. The exchange of the souls walking in and out does not have to happen instantaneously like in Martina’s case the soul walk in happened in the her teens whilst the host soul walked out in her early adulthood. This can cause extra confusion and difficult events having to deal with two souls operating within the DNA technology at one time.
Q: Where did her host soul go? That Martina that left went to the Astral World, had a life review and as an I AM did not dissolve as a part of the akashic Records as I AM teachers. It stayed in existence and transited backwards in time, to about 11.5 Mio years ago, where the Atlanteans where battling the very first reptilians. She was there telling the Atlanteans all the weaknesses of the reptilian original race. They took her as an unique source of information that was a paradox and she lived there for about 65,000 years and then her I AM become an ancient teacher spirit in her akashic Records.
Q: What other examples are there when pre-programmed walk-in scenarios can be triggered? Someone that has experienced sexual, verbal, emotional any type of abuse from a very young age. The original soul can’t plan a powerful life under those circumstances and it gets to a stage where the walk-in contract gets triggered as the natal soul has enough. It cannot outcreate the limitations imposed by the parents and chooses to get out . The new soul comes in with a hardened energy and the DNA must accept the multidimensional peg into the multidimensional hole. The child changes and will start sending different energies to the parents to stop the abuse and break the repetition. A soul exchange can happen in a snap in an awakening moment. Once the spiritual contracts have been put into place in the womb, time is an illusion for a walk in.  Most of the scenarios of accidents triggering changes are actually not walk-ins but faction changes through a great spiritual teacher association in a near death event or triggered through a dream. Another example would be being born into a difficult culture or the wrong soul family which is a common reason for walk-in and outs.
Q: Would you say that that a walk in faction is always of a higher vibration? No, not necessarily! sometimes it requires a lower density, a super heavy duty warrior spirit to come in and fight for your sovereignty at the dirty layers against abusive parents. It is a myth that walk-ins souls are always from a higher dimensional plane and needs to be broken down. It is also most unlikely to have more than one walk-in simultaneously form different sets of parents as the planning and follow through of even one soul exchange is tough enough.
What could happen though is that a person was born and at the age of three the soul walked out and another soul walked in.  At twenty one that person has a near death experience that triggers the walk-in to walk out and a new soul walks in. That person becomes an incredible healer after that and it was planned between all three souls as a master karmic resolution for that DNA lineage to resolve disease, depression and abuse. For the three souls to make an agreement like that would have triggered tremendous healing for an entire lineage of skinsuits. Again, this is not a day to day occurrence at all as the walk-in phenomena is very rare. Once a soul walks out there is no turning back. It may come in in another body in the family or other connection which happens frequently. Someone walks out of the lineage and walks into another lineage to try to help heal that lineage.
Q: What is a prenatal soul walk-in? A lot of time a foetus is not alone in the womb. Between the first five weeks of pregnancy there can be a twin developping genetically.  One soul then absorbs the other which can become a birth mark or  trigger a walk-in experience later in life. Prenatal walk-ins are expanding the capacity for the mother’s future life too. Not all birthmark come from walk-ins. It can also be a sign of a guide, where the grandfather dies just before the birth of the child and he becomes a celestial guide to assist the child to not make the common lineage mistakes. There are certain marks that come from lineage issue itself or past life trauma that manifests in the current life.
Q: What is a postnatal soul walk-in? I’ve talked about souls hiding in different bodies. So for the first two years the baby you have may not be the baby you have after two years. This is how a soul that is super powerful can get past the incarnation grid or the arcons. They may have been in the womb for a few months with a crappy life plan and in the last second they walk out and let another soul take over. It is a technique that is used to get into this reality without the predictability factor of the system inside them. This is a way of out creating the system or to stop a long term repetition process in a lineage that the soul family elders cannot break because there is so much karma until they really get some potent souls in there to break the lineage.
Q: Does the pre or postnatal walk-in have issues being connected to the mother? It depends on the karma in the mother’s lineage. If the mother’s mother had a good quality birth not necessarily and you won’t have a disconnection from your birth mother. The way you feel will be part of your karmic journey to reconnect to the mother and grandmother’s expression.
Q: We had a bunch of walk-ins in 2014 what was that all about? It is a topic that hasn’t’ much been written about. There was a time in 2014 where we had a huge faction change. Factions can be compared to themed agencies and not all changes in those themes of the agencies mean you are dealing with a walk in. Those in bodies knew they couldn’t beat the drama, the materialism and consumerism. About 70 million people, because of severe lineage limitation they were not advancing enough and so they had an agreement to walk out and the brothers and sisters could walk in and create the change. That was instigated by the prime creator as part of the audit after determining how cooked the karmic books were. These were people in managerial positions and this is also part of all the changes we are seeing now, many years later. Lots of people at the corporate level are turning to spirituality as they cannot sell their soul anymore. They got the white picket fence and now realise they don’t want it and it was an illusion. 70 Mio people is still a very small percentage of our population. WALKINS AND OUTS HAPPEN IN ALL THREE FREQUENCIES. There are 7+ billion people living on the surface world, 10 Million in the astral world and 20 million subsurface in Hollow Earth and walk-ins are happening in a very small number unless prime creator decides otherwise to instigate a grander awakening scale.
Q: What are SOUL FAMILY POLITICS? There are certain soul families that follow a set of factions, ideologies and then they create a variety of lineages in which we can incarnate or reincarnate in. Let’s say you have soul family A: Muslim, Italian, Chinese and African American. Those four lineages are trying to regularly incarnate and reincarnate with each other with a variety of cultural programming and each foetus in each womb will have a different way of creating blueprints and synchronicities based off their astral teacher who help them preplan their lives. Those four races and the cultures that come with them will add their innate limitations and those will be the soul family politics. You have soul family elders who have been in the lineage long enough and see the limitations and ideologies through many different I AM attempts of breaking through the glass wall of you can’t be an awakened being in times of great limitation. All the souls are going to try what is it going to take to rapidly advance. Well there were lots of super geniuses before but they were farmers without education and never got the opportunity which was the limitation of the culture at the times. Alternatively now you got an Asian child with wealth and education but lack of choice. Those become the politics between multiple soul family elders who are choosing a pod of people incarnating with them.
Q: What are SOUL SHARD POLITICS? You can be living in a family and get on ok until you start realising that some of the shards of the family members are opposing your awakening in the background.  They wouldn’t be aware of that consciously but on a shard level you are having this fight and battle going on. Yes, domination & control in its classic expression. Soul shard politics can be very divisive as there are a lot of rebel zealots in many soul families that pretend to be soul family elders. They are the ones that have ten life times in a row with white picket fence and money but don’t actually have to earn anything. They don’t have to earn their awakening or they have been prosecuted in other life times for not choosing it. Just because we are born into the same family doesn’t mean we all have to love each other unconditionally, we have to be aware of what is going on in the unseen.
Q: What was your journey, Andrew, into soul family politics? One of my early statements for people to process when I came out was about what allowed the Galactic Historian Andrew to come forward in this lifetime. Over the last 10 -20 million years I made it a point to incarnate as a part of all soul families that are involved in the great awakening.  That was a choice, many unique experiences, as not a lot of souls or soul families allow this to happen. This givess me insight and information on long term soul family politics, incarnation processes which also makes it innately very easy for me to do sessions, readings and access high capacity information. I innately know the faction politics and why they are driven into ideologies in an incarnation or reincarnation.  That takes the being a healer, been there, done it to a different level. As such I often encounter soul family elders pondering being or having been in their group. Technically I still am and know everyone’s politics and secrets. That was the whole point of my many reincarnations and doing that as me, that entity, that standing frequency in time telling all the soul families to put down their politics - we are all one. If you have division on the soul family level before incarnation it will get out of control once you are incarnating. It all starts at the soul family elders who are regularly allowing inexperienced souls into soul families that are only meant for super experienced souls. It’s still a choice and there is no blame, shame or guilt there. Fundamental acceptance is an infinite requirement to the finite rules of limitation when it comes to soul families.
VOID SPACE / VOID SPACE BEING & INTEGRATION
Q: What is void space and a void space being? Void is the space between universes, the place where new universes get created. This is where unentangled observer technology was created, manufactured and then piece by piece incorporated into an energetic collective of minds. It was then sent through a single portal to manifested on the other side. Unentangled observer technology was created in void space, then uploaded into the void space light body and then transferred from void to human space, to be built into the light body whilst still remaining a reflection in the void space.  So what I am saying is that there are void space beings manifested in the physical reality of this universe as unentangled karmic observers connected to entangled karmic observers that are two degrees of separation from them in void space. This is manipulating so many major beings on this world now. In the void space you get degrees of separation for unentangled observers. The void space beings can observe time at 200, 400 or 900 degrees of separation and have extremely long term agendas over implicate order beings entangled into a frequency of time into a local or many star systems simultaneously. That is the greater SPIRITUAL CELESTIAL COMMERCE NETWORK.
An example of a VOID STREAM BEING bringing codes to Earth as a time traveller (a caller conceived via donated sperm through IVF treatment): The soul frequency that is you came here to earth 19 Mio fraud years ago during the second fall of Lemuria, at the time of the 2nd uncreational event. Earth was responsible for the 1st uncreational event but the 2nd one was created by other 80 planets and you immigrated from those worlds to unentangle your own species by coming to earth to resolve their time line genocide karma.  You were an amalgamation from all those 80 planets that were locked outside of time in void space without an I AM presence. When you came to Lemuria during the second fall is when you incarnated into a DNA skinsuit that had memories that were not yours. Those memories are effecting you now because you immigrated directly from void space meaning your expression of photonic light is not fully present in your body right now. You have not acknowledged that the second uncreational event had a creational event attached to it. You came back into another paradox. The higher frequency beings understood that there would be a 3rd and 4th creational event so they migrated you. This is you now experiencing what the first time line genocide on earth is. You are caught up in your own separate hairball with soul shards spread around 80 planets whilst your master soul shard is here on earth going through the very first expression of what it takes to bring all karma of an uncreational event to an end. For you to be here on earth now you are accomplishing this task in unknowingness. I don’t see this very often. You are not just resistance free earth but also resistance free void space that says we can also create in void space. It is another expression of higher freedom that is coming here without light body programs. You intentionally went into the void space to create a culture separate from the universal rules and create I AM presence technology as birthing. You came out of void space as an energy being and you gained an I AM presence that had no light body memories of void space.
You are a time traveller. It is the nature of someone who is travelling with I AM presence technology that is anchored in the void space, this is the best way to describe it. That void space is its own micro bubble of a universe inside a paradox. You are what I call a void space source stream. That means you are in a place without an I AM presence, without an ego that is fully interacting with the planetary akashic Records in unentangled observer technology as a soul, creating wisdom of complete universal freedom here on earth. How does this apply now? You are pregnant with creation when it comes to whole new ways to describe freedom beyond what this matrix, this ascension says. You can come up with ideas that would blow mine away if you should begin to engage that void space non I AM presence version of yourself and upload your I AM presence there. Your original purpose was to learn what it took to resolve karma here in DNA skinsuit technology as a fresh I AM presence and then to upload it to the void space so all of the beings in void space have access to the lessons here on earth. They can then birth their presence back into their own paradox reality where they created their second uncreational event, then end it with the wisdom that you uploaded to them in void space without violating universal law. That is a huge soul purpose. It now all comes down to belief in how special you are and trust that you have earned that right. (Lots of static coming in).
There is some programming you have from your parents, let’s call it a poltergeist effect. When you get to a point of too much expression, joy, happiness, magic you channel in your mother’s energy that tries to discipline your body which is not allowing you to go any further. Poltergeist manifestations are like the internet line suddenly creating static for no apparent reason. However your parents raised you there was such a limitation to your pure spiritual uniqueness that they had to brand you unfit for the system and make sure the system keeps watching you through their watchers. Now you can begin to break contracts, vows and agreements with them specifically when it comes to the system of domination and control and the creation of poltergeist effects and transform this energy into growth energy. You need to detach from servitude to this matrix and work with invocations and intense ceremonies. You are going to need to express your intentions to all ancestors in full verbal flow. You are pregnant with the ancestors of other places here to resolve karma.
I AM PRESENCE WORK including VOID SPACE BEING INTEGRATION (speak out loud)
It is time to understand the universal scales that our spirit is working at to bring all our selves the into the local spiritual court of equity with our ancestors and then elevate to higher levels.

I, in this ever present moment of now
Choose to open a spiritual court of equity
I summon all of my DNA lineage ancestors
Who are aligned with unity consciousness
I summon all of my brothers and sisters of all star races
To hold space in this spiritual court of equity
In this sacred neutral format
To bear witness to my sovereign expression
This I AM presence of now
I discover myself
All of the memories I don't remember
I share them with every ancestor in sacred neutral presence
So they may be the filter
Of authentic truth or false light
I treasure what comes to me as authentic truth
Anything that is false light
Is suspended in this spiritual court of equity
And all false light beings are exposed to all ancestors
I summon the parts of myself that live in competition
That have not yet learned sacred equal co-creation
I offer my teaching as a sacred neutral peacemaker
I summon all former I AMs that are caught up in hierarchy
It is now time to heal and let go of the lies and distorted views
I honour and witness your pain and offer forgiveness
So that harmony and collaboration prevails on the path ahead
I summon the side of myself that lives in void space
That does not have I am presence availability
I offer it to you in this moment of unity.
So you maybe an unentangled sacred neutral witness.
In my spiritual court of equity
I summon all of the planetary ancestors I have lived on
In this entire universe
I bring you now to this moment of I am presence
I share with you my pure and total light frequency
Every soul code that I have had
Ever soul code I have ever encountered
So there will no longer be secrets in unity
I bring myself back to universal immigration status
I bring this spiritual court of equity to the very moment
I decided to immigrate into this universe
I blend these two expressions of universal time into one
I summon an extra universal spiritual court of equity
With all of my other universal ancestors in unity present
I share photonic light with all ancestors as part of universal law
I become one with all spiritual courts of equity
I now come to this fraud time on earth
With all of the ancestral beings in this spiritual court of equity
A trillion eyes looking out of my aura
Waiting to experience the tactile here
I herewith anchor all of my source stream
Into this I AM Apex body now
To manifest and translate the trillion letter alphabet
Into space, time & consciousness
I have big choices to make
To no longer serve the false matrix
To not fall prey to its limitations and false light projections
We are all pregnant with creation
The time is now to change the surface of this earth
And exchange ancestors at the universal level
So all uncreational events come to an end
And a seamless stream of consciousness continues
And so it is. Aho

You have the codes to tens of thousands of other worlds that you can bring here.  Now there are no more secrets and you can share photonic light as per universal law.  Use these words as linguistic equations that you can amplify a millionfold as you put your focus onto it. Intent is one thing and can help define a lot. When you add the conscious application of the sacred the impact exponentializes times a godzillion.  You start with a plan, an agenda that has an end to it, that’s what I call a spiritual strategy. You bring the power of now, in the moment of now so that an agenda can be completed in the now to feed, nurture and nourish all beings outside of now.
Q: What happens in an uncreational event? Any time there is an uncreational event there is a group of core beings around the immediate one degrees of separation who caused it. This particular caller was around those core beings and instead of going back to earth he went to a void space, locked out of time now, unable to incarnate into any place of this universe because it had not existed yet. He had to wait in void space for the universe to expand and catch up with the void space for him to cross over as a void source stream, still connected to all the beings in void space and make a tunnel so that they could start incarnating in the universe even if it was into a tiny rock or crystal in space and time. There were light cities in these void spaces of Lemurian and Antlantean expressions. That’s where he met up with other beings going through the same thing, they made a collection of void space collectives and generated their own void akashic Record, like the footage that didn’t make the film, not guided by universal source. This is what got trillions of beings who were locked outside of time back into earth.
There is a kind of regrouping of collectives needs manifestation. Each individual is a manifestation of the regrouping process. Every individual is its own collective of one that is functioning with a variety of other collectives in this reality that are unentangled observer collectives. There is unentangled observer technology and then there are collectives that have created unentangled observers. The collective is tuning in to get an understanding. This is what compounds us as manifestations trying to come together to create groups because when we do the unentangled observers come and entangle with us in an unentangled way. You have collectives meeting each other without having had previous knowledge of each other’s existence.
Q: Does this mean we are all the same? No, we are not just all the same. In an unlimited universe the law of one doesn’t always apply. There comes a time in the understanding of free will and the law of one that the creator has not put any limits in this place. There was a limit at one point in universal time. That limit ended and that was when the whole universe had a simultaneous update on free will. This was about 6 billion earth celestial fraud time years ago or 135 galactic universal cycles of immigrations from souls from another universe which all used different frequencies of source. There are other sources out there that are not the same source as here, so we are not all the same.
A new, the 18th UNIVERSE has been created. This universe is taking on all souls at a galactic and universal level that are told that we have new rules and they can no longer create light paradoxes and wipe out everyone’s experiences. If they do don't agree to this they must go on to the 18th universe, basically a purging of all beings that are here to uncreate everything.
