

CHAPTER IX: DREAMTIME AWAKENING
Q: What is the Earth’s DREAMTIME AWAKENING? The original purpose of earth was linked into the dreaming mind of all solar systems so all karma could be resolved in the dreaming mind of earth. All beings who were on their home worlds and their astro worlds found a rainbow gateway to earth in which they could dream and regain their akashic experience of who they were. We are connected to all dreaming minds of this universe, and our only limitation is our creativity. The more creative you are the more infinite you will be.
 WE ARE STILL CREATING KARMA BUT IT’S NOT AN INFINITE AMOUNT and no matter what we are creating it won’t reach the infinite state again. Think of it as additional time in a football game, no one knows when it is going to end and we are on shoot outs. The Galactic Ascension Machine has finished and we have created a zero sum game for them. Domination and control cannot outcreate the 7+ billion of us no matter how hard they try. It is done, choose to step out of the matrix and focus onto your bubble of reality and dreamtime. Whatever creates joy and abundance for you are the new energies of creation in the now. There is a sense of entitlement in the spiritual communities that is misleading. This is an individual awakening and we will have to come together as a collective until enough people have woken up. We have to create our own bubbles of reality and hold our own frequencies to shed the old skins. The understanding of the signature frequency teaching as well as the significance of our dreaming bodies in this process and how it all fits into our collectives at any particular moment in time can create a universal exchange energy for completion.
Q: What are dreamtime societies? Dreamtime Societies are connecting us to the mind of the universe to improve our evolution as universal beings. They don’t operate via borders, these are portals and synapses to bring information from other dimensions and worlds. They operate via signature frequency which creates the connections, separations and societies, synchronicities that are aligning synchronicities into a theme.
Q: What do we do in dreams and how do we interact with those dreamtime societies?
-        EV/INVOLUTIONARY DTS: Every set of themes creates a set of evolution, involution – those dreamtime societies help potent souls who want to go onto potent dreamtime journeys, such as  enter tens of thousands of places simultaneously to expand their own dreamtime capacity.
-        LOCAL DTS: Then there is the dreamtime of your local city, your country, each of those are different layers of being in a society that is trying to understand evolution, forced evolution in many other subject matters.
-        TRIBAL DTS: There are other dreamtime societies your guides and guardians and religions are part of.
-        ANCESTRAL DTS: When we reach that next level where we working high quality dreaming frequencies and doing missions we working with the astral dream world to create a benefit for the seven past and future generations
-        CELESTIAL DREAM TIME SOCIETY: When we are really superior at dreams we go into the HOLLOW EARTH, the dreaming body of EARTH where she achieves a dream state where she invites other societies from other places, spaces, frequencies, in time to be part of the hub of interconnectivity. Just her dreaming with many other planets simultaneously
Q: Can we choose which society to dream with? Self Mastery is key and will lead to having excursions in the dream world that will have benefits to many dream time societies. We can’t really consciously choose to who we travel with as we haven’t achieved full sovereignty in our dreamworld but we are not limited to what our society tells us. You can claim your sleep time and not be affected your nation’s borders. Revocations only go so far to get you out of mediocrity and then you need to create beyond probably not just in language but art work, with fire and s. Joy is the main river, allow the synchronicities to flow.
Q: What happens when we have overlayered dreams? Certain dreamtime societies help us evolve, involve our next layer, where you are dreaming in many places at once. The purpose is to prove it as a soul that you can do it and the I AM is the direct manifestation to showing the universe that is has happened. It is to validate the great dreamtime awakening to other dreamtime societies who have lost faith that it is coming. A multitude of residual images of undealt emotions calling forth for remedy and resolve. And some residual images need a residual time and that’s why many of them feel layered over. Those time gaps are synchronistic manifestations of multiple time frequencies in a dream. That’s the uniworld, all forms of thoughts, concepts and perceptions layered on top of each other. Different timelines that are not co-dependent on each other, they are each a by product of themselves. We can choose the ala carte system what we want to work on each day. Make the dreaming body a  non-agenda, discipline, co-operation, non-competition, non-hierarchical order by starting at a finite place and connect to the infinite. We can also take short kitty naps with the intention to enter multiple dream states, use Triptophane or ritual prayer to get back to sleep in case of insomnia.
Q: How do we use our DREAMING BODY Drive to manifest? We can use dreaming to resolve karma and install dharma by footing the frequency where karma can no longer hold us back but propel us into creating dharma.  You can make literally manifest in the dreamworld, a solidified memory, that is an actual tangible mind space process where you making tangible dream weave frequencies that are in your photonic light memories you can use to work with.  In order to do that you have to let go of control and expectations. Dream energies can get stuck in the intestinal tract depending on what your journey has been. If you can’t remember your dreams that is often a clue.
The world is in your face so much that your dream frequency is not allowed to perculate more of your awareness. It is important that you have a disciplined approach before you go to sleep and before you wake up – those 10 minutes before you get up are yours. It can be the greatest potency of discipline to reclaim yourself and saying no to your parasympathetic instantly ripping you out of theta into the alpha state. You can also choose to go back to sleep and back in the dream. There is no cookie cutter occasion to defining a dream and remind yourself your mind loves to fill in the blanks. We have been sharing dreams since before there was a society.
Q: Can you talk about the Earth’s dreaming body and our relationship with it? We are all part of earth’s dream. We don’t live in her dreaming body, she’s got her own. We live on her physical body but she is simultaneously dreaming with every living being to create a physical body. When we choose to be part of our dreamworld and engage with different dreamtime communities, organisations, societies on the surface world we become part of her mid or high theta dreaming frequency. When we reach that next level where we working high quality dreaming frequencies and going on missions we are working with the astral dream world to create a benefit for the seven past and future generations. We are dreaming with the CELESTIAL DREAM TIME SOCIETY when we get really superior at dreams we go into the HOLLOW EARTH,  the dreaming body of EARTH where she achieves a dream state and invites other societies from other places, spaces, frequencies, in time to be part of the hub of interconnectivity – just her dreaming with many other planets simultaneously. Her dreaming body is in the Inner Earth and we get access to it when we have done our due diligence and self mastery work. The surface of the world is in mid-hight theta, light delta lucid sleep state. When we enter the LUCID DREAMING STATE, as awakening aware beings we can make powerful manifestations within ourselves and the energies around us. The state of mother Earth’s dreaming body is perfect. There is no need to project unhealthiness onto the EARTH. She’s got a few aches and pains as we are reaching galactic weather triggering arthritis but she isn not that old either to not cope well with it..
Q: How can we connect energetically to that dream space? Self-Mastery! Part of self-mastery is learning about what your internal agenda is and understand how we can change this internal agenda through more and advance mastery to explore all the infinite possibilities that are available to us. Retrieving the files, following the map in the skull.  When you activate your crown chakra you activate a million Aurora Borealis thus the dreaming frequency. When we are expelling from our rectum, which is the opposite of the third eye, we are getting the negative dreaming frequencies stuff out of us. Start connecting in meditation to the seven past and future generations through the North and South Pole.
Q: Do we ever lose our dreamtime memories? It all depends how much energy is behind a memory. The amount of energy behind a memory to be manifested from a dream has a certain limitation. Sometimes the amplitude, the maximum vibration is very high but the frequency, the charge isn’t. When we wake up we can add charge and amplitude to it so it becomes manifested. The nervous system plays part in short circuiting the memory process. It is downloaded in the DNA but not always highlighted enough hence hard to find.
Q: How do algorithms connect to dreamtime? Algorithms are a continuous infinite string of perceptions and numbers in which a DNA instrument of experience processes into many different colours of time and space. A human being is a data processing machine, the skinsuit that you wear is the technology, the dreaming world provides for the infinite energy to come into the body to be processed and manifested. We are here to experience NOW, we are clearing the past, to start experiencing the overlay of past, present, future in the moment of now.
Q: What are the dreamtime mechanics with regards to the WESTERN DOOR OF PERCEPTION? The Western doorway of perception opens up for you to see, feel and know where your dreams need to be put. We have a cellular memory that gets stored in the body. The actual skeleton is the biggest data storage device that you have. Your actual skull cap, that encases your brain, has a crystalline structure within where your dreams and heart memories are stored with the brain being an access machine to use it. There are times when you are in an intensive dream, you come out and that data area is completely full. You must move that type of information to another part of your body. After some stage you have them stored all over the body and that’s why you go through these sudden remembrances at times. You think of a person, it’s because the cellular memory became active and triggered a certain information that needed to be put back in its place because its code had gotten so long and makes the system run very slow. A human being is a data processing machine, the skinsuit that you wear is the technology, the dreaming world is the infinite energy, the finite energy comes into the body. Where we cross over from our dreamworld into the physical world is where you can learn about the mechanics of how your dreams are stored. To understand those few moments you have infinity before your mind accepts finite concepts is where you are downloading information from your processing brain and understanding heart into your physical body that your cellular memory is. That is the ultimate concept about the western doorway, where is this information being stored in you.
Q: What do we need to do to use to access the dreaming information?
1.  	Challenge yourself upon wakening. Can you identify your dream, stay in dreamtime? When you hit the snooze button and fall back into your dream you are processing infinity. The brain and heart is processing at a much faster rate, trying to identify points in space and time. There are no such in the infinite space, the mind creates those to perceive and understand it. When you work with DREAMTIME SOCIETIES they create a foundation for the brain to function in. that is called mapping the pathways of past, present, future shamans. When they map these pathways it means your soul group has connections to that point and you are allowed to bring the brain perceptions outside of your body, in the dreamworld, so that you can process, learn.

TOTEM Guides, animal medicine, spirit guides who set up the structure for your to learn to communicate with those worlds. This communication is where you are speaking form your heart and your mind is in perfect sink with your heart because during that infinite moment where your heart is connected to the fullness of the spirit world.
In the foetus of the womb, the very first thing that comes forward is your heart. In the heart is a piece of brain matter, the very first concept of your brain and as your body expands, you make a spinal column and a head, the heart separates into two and new brain is formed by the time reaches 20/30 weeks. As the dreamworld infinite you, you found a mother and a father, you’ve gone in, you start out as a heart, your throat, your crown chakra forms and you are still linked to your heart.
 2.  	Keep your body and mind healthy and in homeostasis. Our dreaming body lives in our organs, between the root, sacral chakra and just a little bit above, it does not exist in your head. When you begin to enter a dream state, you drop the three top chakras into the solar plexus. The human body turns off and goes into sleep paralysis. LUCID DREAMING is when all the upper chakras are in the sacral chakra building up this wave pattern before going into the root. This is where you have the sacred, mental moment where you say I want to lucid dream. This is how you battle the programming, the autopilot. All your consciousness into the root, blossoming like a flower, opening over and over and like the Mandelbrot send creates a prism of energy. Like a crystal reflecting the light, that is the beginning of your dreamstate. At the very beginning of your dreamstate is where you set the rules of how you want to remember, you have total control over your cellular memory at that point.
It is the time where the programmer comes in and says, the pain in my back needs to be healed and you can now work on your relationship with off world. Once the root chakra has been programmed  it comes up and you have dream travel, where you enter dreamtime, dreamworlds, where you look to your cellular memories, dreamtime maps, dreamtime compass, that allows you to see the dreamtime houses that are out there so you may project your dreamtime body to these thoughts and experience all these thoughts with all of your mind.
Q: What is it when people show up on your dreams? When people show up in your dreams two things are happening. It is a self-revelation dream where your own self has recreated a residual image of something or somebody that is meant for a specific teaching or you are sharing actual dream space with that person. It usually is the first and otherwise you are not sharing a reality but an expression of an experiental body that is out of phase with the I AM presence self. That is going through higher levels of consciousness exploration in the dreamworld and somehow the body must have a memory of it. Most people are disconnected and cannot remember their dreams. The energy of the dream space is residually there and we can correlate it around our heart and sacrum and create mystical experiences in the future. YOU ARE A TRAVELLER ENERGY.
There are times where we become very loving, we go and visit beings that are under attack and love them and get attached then that spiritual body becomes bloated and that love energy and the other physical body won’t have enough love energy as that spiritual body. You become a litter stalkerish of that other love person until they get attacked again and then you have that burst energy. Over amorous love energy for other non-physical entities at times or physical entities but you are only experiencing them non-physically and you are experiencing their traumas and pains and rapidly defending them. In order to heal that you have to align yourself to the center of your heart, detox the aura each day and improve on your spiritual hygiene.
Q: When you talk about the DREAMWEAVE what do you mean? In our dreamworlds we are going to different bubbles of time realities and recalibrate and weaving together all different times, your dreaming mind is overworking. You can’t remember all these dreams because they are so vast and as a micro being going through the awakening where the third eye, becomes a part of the heart again, so we can learn through heart and mind based expression of duality. You experience is about calibrating time so that people can go into re-alignment that means in your physical life there would have  been phases where you go through something and then a fuse would be lit and then it would be over then you start the next fuse and it would be over and you haven’t finished the process of deeply self-nurturing your self. It is always advisable to disentangle from where you got caught in the trap of false time and light. Karmic retrobuting souls are those that give away their power to the system. Karmic resolvers, contributors, creators and incarnators don't have any karma when they come in. Soul unity is where all your shards are integrated using the same frequency of dreamtime.
Q: What happens when you are not getting accurate dream sleep? Your dreaming body has taken up much more space and sovereignty then it should have. This means you don’t go the full 40 or 50 min or two hours hours that it takes to build up the proper energy that it takes for your body to get ready to leave in a proper way. There are times where the dreaming body just kicks you into sleep paralysis to leave as soon as possible by taking its mission far too seriously. It ignores the heart or it doesn’t leave until it gets answers out of the brain. Our dreaming bodies have their own mission, separate from us but those missions ultimately affect the frequencies of the people we love, hate, need and all those things in between. We are our own teachers, and the dreaming bodies are in the future in their own expression of time that is layered over the IAM presence existence that is not there yet.
You are the I AM Apex presence, here and now for the experience, that includes the sleep experience. Taking the sovereignty back form the dreamworld, so that you get proper dream nurturing, wake up with a spark in your eyes. Even if you don’t remember the dream but you wake up refreshed, like it was twelve hours  asleep that lasted five minutes. It is ok to demand from your dreaming body to change the frequency pattern. You need to preserve enough energy to detect entities, have synchronicities, mystical experiences. You’ve got to begin to recover your energy, look at your sleep patterns. Salt baths, the dreaming body might resist, you are going into neutrality with that salt.
Q: Can you say a bit on the dreaming experience versus an out of body experience and remote viewing? In an OBE we come out of our heart, our third eye and our crown we have a cord attached to our crown, it is a very different experience to the dreaming experience. Remote viewing is just one tiny sample of what is possible now. Part of you is in the North and South Pole, the past and the future When we are remote viewing, we are extending our photonic light expressions. Your power is to control your dreaming body, that means where you belly button, two inches above and below, literally in your intestinal tract. This is how your DNA skinsuit was set up, it is a dreaming skinsuit but it has a time sensitive spirit inside it.
Q: What is a rebellious dreaming body? A rebellious dreaming body can be when you are going into sacred geometry cities, through backdoors to relationships that went toxic, to alter time frames to heal them. All the orders that you have been taking in the physical as well as the dreamworld you must destroy them. These are the things you need to remove from your dreaming body so that the power of your dreaming body is returned to you so when you go to sleep as the I am presence you are telling the dreaming body, you are not dreaming in these places but you are going to the places of our true soul family and we are going to have a soul family reunion. This is my will of the I AM presence and the way of the now. The body at times gets cocky and thinks it is the soul and the soul spark is the experience. It is the other way round.
Q: Taking one’s power back from the Dreaming Body? Salt baths, talking to the fire, any of the tools and techniques you have in your spiritual hygiene toolbox apply them to all the dream times you were forced to conform. Find those times in your life where you chose conformity over authentic expression. Often your dreaming body is making you conform. Toxicity can be a  debt, that was created by others, which we don't need to take on. For the true human potential to be understood we must conquer our own spiritual, physical, social, technological, dreamtime toxicity. We must stop paying attention to Roman Numeral Time and know that we exist in a notime reality. Our skinsuits have skill sets, clairvoyance, clairaudience, clairsentients, telekinesis, aerokinesis, pyrokinesis and a thousand others yet to describe. We co-function in many worlds simultaneously and the disciplines of how is our inherent legacy. Say to your dreaming body: WE ARE COMING INTO UNITY, NEUTRALITY, NO MORE REBELLION, IT IS TIME TO COME HOME AND WORK TOGETHER IN CREATING OUR LEGACY
Q: How can we achieve a goal through LUCID DREAMING? By entering the lucid state and training the spirit body to have a much higher flow. Upon awakening from that lucid state, begin the movement process and then return to that lucid state, engaging the mind space to have the lucidity of the infinite dreamworld. Intense clarity comes in those lucid moments where new science and concepts can be perceived. Lucidity means do you have the fullness of your choice points in your dreamworld. You will never have full control over it as your sleep paralysis represents a limiting factor. When we go into a natural sleep paralysis to enter the theta, delta state to have the fullness of the dream we are engaging the dreaming vehicle, where the I AM presences removes itself from the seat of the power and the brain and the heart connects to the fullness of the DNA and moves from the heart into the intestinal tract and engages the dreaming vehicle to perceive and interact with the dreaming world. THE PHYSICAL BODY IS STILL PART OF IT. Lucidity is about engaging the physical body in the sleep paralysis so that the chemical process is undone and the mystical energy is flowing through the blood. That is how we are able to do those masterful things. Understanding lucidity will be seeing the blood in the body flowing through its process and empowering it with the thought construct of running faster.
