

CHAPTER VIII: CONSCIOUSNESS EXPRESSED THROUGH COMMUNICATION & LANGUAGE
Q: How does language and consciousness work together? The DNA instrument of experience uses consciousness to convert light into sound to create memories. We perceive, receive, interpret, store and express ourselves in words that are codes, multidimensional patterns what we call language. Language is a learned individual aspect and experience where we technically are using the 20% part of our DNA.
You may know multiple languages,  speak in one language but process and think in another until you become fluent. As a skilled linguist you can speak seven or eight languages and easily switch between them. Language is a form of communication, consciousness being expressed verbally, emotionally and physically. The written word is light information stored in ink and it may take hundreds of thousands of years for the data to be perceived as light again. Language is a choice beyond cognition. It is the currency – a current energy voltage going through you.  It is a medium to express oneself and yes sometimes there are many currents going back and forth like in an opera, where there is singing and dancing that are accentuating and punctuating and making the language far more interpretive. The interpretation of the music, the parameters of the lyrics, the voice and the resonance. We think in perfect sentences but there was a time when we were learning languages and we struggled to find the perfect sentence but it still all made sense in our head. The light of our mind, that is in the pureness of our consciousness knows what it is trying to say and it translates it from light into sound accurately. Syntax and sense can be independent of each other: “colourless green ideas sleep furiously”. It doesn’t have to make sense to feel good. The light has been modified with the intonation process to create more light. So, let’s say MLK: I have a dream, I have a dream,…. Taken out of context it means not much but in context I have a dream for a unified world.  SYNTAX, when used correctly, allows the actual intonation process to create these flashes of light, that will then create more flashes of light.
We can perceive memories in light not just as a chemical memory. We live in a world of quotes and there are many texts that have jumped thousands of generations. How many quotes from 2000 years ago are still relevant today? How many quotes jump generations? How music jumps generations, Pink Floyd, Metallica – they were great performers. Their music was transformative over generations of time. This is when we talk about the light encoded memories we decipher and encode, the super illuminal thinking comes in. Behind the words in a quote is the consciousness that created them and the other consciousness that has used and reused them to make an impact. You can call our libraries the uncollected collective. Even though they are collected in one place and adhere to the dual decimal system before they were put onto the internet etc. As a reader of any text you read between the lines, you become part of the creation of what it took to create a book.
Q: The significance of grammar and flow? Grammar is all about how sentence flow together to create a sensation. Diagramming sentences, the breaking up and assembling of the words, the nouns, the pronouns so you understand the mathematics of creating a sentence in English at that particular time.  That alone does not make you a good talker or writer. You still have to be able to authentically emanate the words it is more like the nature of teaching.
Technically, language is spacial awareness. The spacial positioning of the letters that create words doesn’t need to be a mathematical formula that has the power of cognition behind it. This is why grammar and syntax are the consciousness’s way of adding a lot more intuitive wisdom into the statement itself, adding more to the code. When you look at words in waveforms, sound waveforms you can see patterns that look like the DNA intertwinement. Technically when we are talking we do exchange DNA, light at a higher perspective level. DNA changes through the observation, interaction between different types of consciousness and everyone allows a different layer of change. There are certain phrases that can put a shock into a person’s system and send them on the track of enlightening understanding or down a darker path. It all depends on the level of programs the person run on how they receive the flow of data.
Adding myth to language is a whole different process and then the subsequent trees of energy that are around myth and how we empower them. Language has its own consciousness. When you are open to going to the edge of unknowingness and you remain in a steady easy flow you allow knowingness to shine through your words and sounds. Let’s use the state of the child. If they are in a learning state and they are exploring, words, places, positions often they have focus, a strategy behind as they understand placement, position and timing. Some children are self-learners how do you know these words? The language in the text, in the light reflected something onto the supra genius that exists within language and annunciation itself. If you hit an annunciation perfectly it creates a euphoric feeling within you – there is an actual dopamine journey behind owning that fluent form. Where there are no barriers, the language becomes the instinct and pattern recognition. A child is listening long before they are speaking.
Q: Does thought create language or language create thought? Consciousness creates all of that. There are subsections within language, the conversation of language that allows consciousness to have many different forms of expression. A thought in a conversation is fluid. I don’t know what I am going to say next but I have an intention behind it by continuing my conversation that maintains a conscious state of focus to continuously create form of light into sound, light into sound creating a lasting memory that I can cognitively understand the nature of our conversation. Thoughts can be stimulated by words, and at times they are not. Take a CONVERSATIONAL TERRORISTS who brings up emotional subject matters that take away from the focus of what you are trying to get to. An avoidance mechanism stopping their consciousness from being a part of the thought and the programs are running thought language not the consciousness. They are having well-versed programs taking over beyond their cognitive choice.
Q: Learning a new language – the mechanics of creating words and sounds?  You are looking at the mathematical journey of structure. Mastering the body’s annunciation and conjugation journey by using intonation, the starting and stopping of the nasal process. There is a mathematical formula about mastering the tongue, the nose, the throat, lips and how the innate body language of each language effects the intonation journey. It is a micro understanding how fluent energy works together with all those pieces and parts. The Inhalation of air from the lungs, the trachea, the larynx, the vocal cords, the force of the tongue, the nose manipulating the sounds to make intonation resonance with the lung. With certain words the sound resonates from the lungs to our nose. The subtleties on how the wind form the lungs is being used is intricate to the language. All of those mechanics is what makes learning a new language difficult.
Q: What is the significance of the tongue when it comes to communication? The tongue is the second organ that gets created after the heart. The tongue takes the vibration direct from the heart and sends it to the tip of the tongue so that heart vibration is the base of our language. The tongue is also emanating an energy that we perceive in light, just there is a morse code the position and placement of the tongue and teeth creates a piezoelectric effect on the teeth which creates an electromagnetic effect in the body which is all that unseen energy of expression. By just talking to people I can tell from the electromagnetic impulses that are coming in if the person is present or not. Another part of the medical intuition journey is to determine programs, self-created demons, internal demons, external demons as there is all different electromagnetic impulses coming through. The roof of your mouth has three plates to it and they determine how all the chi is spread over your body. If they are very tight and you have a sunk nasal passage there is an occupying presence that is taking away from the greater you to express. The sinus and those three plates create a vibration, a completion of your expression. If something is being hijacked it will be in the roof of the mouth and the nasal passage. The tongue is like a morse code, where it is tapping it is creating electromagnetic signalling which the brain is receiving as language. The heart is sending the language through the tongue and the brain receives it.
Q: What do you mean by holographic language? There are conversation where you go beyond the five senses which is the holographic perception of the language suspended in people’s consciousness as they are processing it. Some people process faster than others. Slow processors have a better understanding of the subject matter in the long run because they don’t allow themselves to be overwhelmed by the data, or overprocess and don't miss nuances.
Q: How do aliens perceive our language? We are technically analog speakers who are trying to achieve a dual process, being analog and a digital thinker simultaneously whereas the offworld species no longer operate in binary coding. They can think from many different perspectives which allows them to have a greater understanding of the unlimited point of view. As we are coming out of the infancy of our understanding of the unlimited point of view our language can be multidimensional at a basic leven and still be expressive in many dimensions and perceptions. They are waiting for us to come out of our limitation the language imposes on us because the global narrative doesn’t allow the language to evolve into a multidimensional thinking capacity.
Q: How can we make our language more multidimensional? Add emojis and don’t be limited to the 26 letters of alphabet that we have now. What would a new letter look like? Start adding smiley faces to the language, symbols to modify what you are saying. Children create a new language all the time and it is the previous generation trying to understand the modern generation’s language which comes to the term the COLLOQUIAL NOW. The colloquial now includes the MYTH that the modern generation know, perceive and use. The colloquial now is ever evolving and new myths are created all the time which impact on the language and many people don’t know the new myths. There are lot of people still thinking DVDs will come back and some have yet to figure out CDs. They are all done, there is no future market for them as we can’t stop the evolution. We are already creating a multidimensional language. How can we do it even more cognitively and make our own language, linguistic samples? The modern kids are naturally using the power of myth to create intentionality by communicating in movie quotes.
Q: How does communication and language impact on our aura? Lightworkers have bastardised auras. They want to simplify it and make you think you can understand it instantly. Your aura is an ever evolving process that is impacted by language which effects a series of patterns within patterns that determine why the colours are there or not there. Auras are an adaptive system and many people can actively deceive you by making their aura go one way and think another. Why do you think lying works? So many people say why doesn’t a psychic know they are being lied to? You have to understand the perceptions of colour. Does that person believe that he or she is not doing any harm by lying in the very moment they do? It is a camouflage for all sorts of negative reasons. If the light worker community would stop bastardising the colour teaching we would understand why lying works. We’d have a much better chance of perceiving it in the moment. Some can hear lies. We all have a bullshit detector and sometimes it needs an upgrade. Some people’s capacity of broadcasting bullshit is good and we need to stay out of charge and polarity, which is the main influencer why lying works. Con artists manipulate your own charge and polarity and you fall into the victimhood trap.
Q: What do you call a conversational terrorist and how can we counter one? For a conversational terrorist their point of view is the only one that counts. People will often delude themselves into believing their own words and present them as a gospel truth. They are trying to disrupt your thoughts and see everything through a right and wrong perspective. They keep babbling without making much sense and try to lure you into emotional outbursts or defeat. Best way of dealing with a person like that is to shut your energy field down and increase your light manyfold so that they can’t suck your energy. It will return their poison as they can’t handle that high frequency light. Learn how to manipulate the energy of a conversation without stepping on someone’s journey by out vibrating them and without allowing them to harvest your vibration. You can use body language to innately fortify yourself without them ever recognising what you are doing. You can nullify the demon inside the other person by making them repeat something so difficult that they cannot cognify it so that the soul has to come in for a moment and then chuck out the rest. Laughter is always the best tool to avoid getting harvested. Reverse the frequency which will infuriate them and make them speechless even if just for a moment. Don’t fall prey to their astral minefields where you think you should have said this or that as it puts you into charge and polarity. You have to know what the nature of you is in the moment and what is required. A conversational terrorist is trying to kick you out of the body. Am I talking to the program or the person, what is the difference? Stop giving all your data and information to those who can’t or want to hear it. The universe has a special plan for all those who are stuck in this self-delusion. Trust the universe, and stop investing into those that are so self-deluded that there is nothing you can say to change them in the moment. The more you work within the rules of your personal sovereignty through daily rituals, monthly ceremonies, weekly hindsight and foresight the less you will encounter people that.
 THE SPIRITUAL MECHANICS OF COMMUNICATION & HEALING
 Q: What are some of the mechanics you can share with us when it comes to multidimensional communication, facilitation and healings? Ok, let’s talk about what I do when I have a client or caller that comes with defensive energies. I have to raise my frequency and go into a super sacred neutral state with the intention to not entangle and out vibrate that person and the audience. I am doing all of that at the same time. In order to out vibrate the audience I find the highest frequency being, that is listening past/present/future because the show will be an archive for future listeners, and I exceed it by a hundred fold. Whenever that defensive person is speaking his or her words are not able to stick to my vibration and frequency as I am not holding their charge and polarity. Right away the universal laws allow immediate cognition of the past, present and future beings who are in a conversation with me and allows me to see them like an open book. I have to consciously turn pages and that is me probing and asking questions to set the stage for them to create lasting memories. Ultimately what I am doing with the skill is figuring out what is going to stick in the caller’s memory and then in everyone that is listening. Every individual person will have something that applies to them, a memory that will last more than six months – that’s my goal. That puts the responsibility back to the callers and listeners to take it on or not.

Q: What is the difference between a normal Andrew reading and a hotseat in a group setting? The flame is hotter in helping a person to see what needs to change in more depth. In a group setting there is also the learning aspect for the participants as well as the contributions. The one in the hotseat needs to take full responsibility to be roasted. Everyone in the group has to be totally present. What is different for you Andrew? There is a major difference when I have a group of people as I will bring up a more involved context. I talked about these healing groups where you have a few people in the background and one is doing hands-on work where I bring in galactic doctors and hands-on psychic surgeons, as part of the hub of interconnectivity, to the crown chakra of the practitioner. When there is a room of people holding space for the practitioner and the person going through the healing with the intention of bringing all the collective doctors of the galaxies and universe to your awareness in a non-competitional format. All of their wisdom is there and in these hotseats I am doing that and each person that is present is connected to their galactic healing entourage and they become a mass of a collective that can make the surgery very easy.
Once the person in the hotseat is in an empowered state he or she can tap into the collective of empowered healers and do the work. Readings are different depending on if the person is ready for that level of healing. In the hotseat I am trying to get the receiver of the hotseat to take over the collective of wisdom that is there and to apply it through their own actions and words, be a guide for them to confirm whatever needs confirming and have the rest of the group can add their own evaluation to some of the other aspects as each person of the group is also tuning into the collective of guardians and psychic surgeons and getting their own thing out of it.
In a standard reading I am not putting the hub of interconnectivity into the person’s responsibility layer. There are times when I am dealing with a uniquely potent powerful person that has been avoiding their power for a very long time and that is what their soul has actually contracted me to do. I put the weight of responsibility to be in the body and use the skill to have a sample of what it feels like so they can determine afterwards if the memory sticks and they want to follow through to actually have the experience, being super psychic on their own. If the person is not ready bringing in the hub of interconnectivity it could be harmful. It would be me stepping on their journey. It can be easily weaponised against the rest of the universe.
Q: In your shows you talk about THE WHEEL OF CALLERS? Your DNA skinsuit is designed for and because I am doing shows that are generally transformative my frequency, vibration and harmony with non-cognitively is a part of every caller – THE WHEEL OF CALLERS. It creates its own form of synchronicities. I don’t pick the callers, I don’t influence that. That is allowing the universe to be a part of fully allowing the evolving teachings. I am not competing with that as it has its own agenda of what people need in the moment of now. That is bringing the law of frequency, vibration and harmony right into everyone’s face. Lots of callers teaching others at the same time.
Everything I can do you guys can do with enthusiastic mastery and effort with practice and getting over instant gratification. Not to give callers the satisfaction of validation for what is not real. The worst thing I can do as a super illuminal being is give them fake validation, that is not authentic. Everyone has their own wisdom. A question opens up the energy, disburses stagnant energy so that they can start thinking for themselves again. Consciousness is choice. Through daily practice over many years I can bring high frequency vibration and harmony to a show. I can work with a caller and adjust my signature frequency to what is required in the moment taking the multidimensional implications into account which gives me great flexibility of my performance whilst staying  sovereign, unentangled and in my authentic truth.
Q: What are you doing on a multidimensional level when you are inviting the audience in the chatroom to write something? The 68 people in the zoom and the 58 that are typing  what is it doing to the energy in the archive a month from now even though the people in the archive cannot see what is being typed right now.  It challenges them on some level. What is it doing to the energies of those present now who are technically present a month from now? Their post cognitive workforce is bringing energy in and the people that are listening in a month from now is experiencing each and everyone of our energies just by looking for the chatroom even  he can’t see it in the archives. Each and every person here now will have a post cognitive experience and a precognitive experience for all those typing right now for all of those who are going to listen in a month from now wondering about the individual people on the show now. So the people that will listen in a month can you type something now to the audience of the past. The present show audience can go into the youtube video after the show and type something for the people in the future. It is that easy to manipulate time.
Q: How do you know when to say what to a client or caller without stepping onto their sovereignty? When there is a question I am not supposed to answer because they are not ready my 3rd eye moves backwards. The information comes forward out of their reality and my 3rd eye processes it as a projection back to them. This is how I know what not to say to them, like I am not supposed to tell them as they are too unevolved in their practice that it will harm their journey. It would be like stepping on their journey. My 3rd eye acts as a filter or a mirror on who can receive what kind of information depending on the level of their awareness. People can only take on feedback on what their level of awareness is ready to take on. It is almost like my body is telling me when to divulge information or not. You have to learn how to communicate with people and meet them where they are at. In my shows the potentiality of what I can say is getting bigger unless you hear me say I just broke the rules. A question posed to them instead will always assist them to start untangle the problem from within as in truth we all do have our own answers. There is a fine line in stepping on someone else’s journey in awareness or unawareness, conscious choice or unconscious choice. Are you doing it out of vengeance or, as a parent, out of love based discipline or rather triggered by the ancestral lineage where one can be overwhelmed by the ancestral energies. The avalanche of abuse comes down onto the child creating trauma, which again would have also been set up the child through spiritual contracts. Whatever you do, are you doing it with the intention to harm behind it versus unconscious repetition caused by the absence of individual sovereign strength to break and transcend those ancestrally handed down energies? The position of information would ultimately uncover if it was raw creativity or if it is the infinite celestial code. A lot of times when I am writing, solely for the joy of writing I would add lines everywhere, getting thoughts down in a unique, communicate creative flow versus a flow in a session which is a completely different mechanics.
Q: Communication is so much more than just the words we use?  The entire body gets involved when communicating and often the voice cuts out. Words make up the least significant part of our rapport, probably less than 10%. The rest is expressed through our tonality as in tone, tempo timber, volume of the voice & physiology as in posture, gesture, breathing, facial expressions, blinking of the eyes. I often use the hand positions when going through dense material, using the streams of light in my hands to examine the field and the strands I want to connect to. It is like moving the sheets of information around to get to the specific data faster, a way of determining sub information and how that effects the whole. It is almost like I am using the hands to complete a spiritual process.
Q: How are we using our eyes and 3rd eye to communicate? We are usually accessing information through our eyes. The more we observe ourselves on recordings we can get a better understanding of how the body positions itself naturally to give certain experiences. In the eye generation journey your 3rd eye is the projector and your mind is the receiver of data allowing you to generate thought constructs from the hologram. Remember the SUN JOURNEY MEDITATION where the two eyes activate the 3rd eye. The position of the eyes activates the 3rd eye. The 3rd eye then grabs information out of the field which you can sense omnidirectionally around you. The instrument of experience grabs it from a position in space time. Some people have difficulties to connect through eye contact. They have a stare or look away pattern that indicates that they are not really in the body or ready to leave any moment. A glazed look can also be very positive as in changing the resonance frequency to find matched information. Deep simultaneous gaze & glace can be a searching for a message back in time for the person that will be a signature frequency match for them going forward into the future into a branch of time in which the information mentioned has been stored in memory long enough to create a change. On the negative side it can also mean we are denying matches and reflecting them back out. Haunted people cannot hold a gaze which is quite common. When people are in love and are looking into each other’s eyes their pupils dilate through their auric energy. This helps them to gain an independent appreciation for their energy as the eyes dilate to take in more light and create a denser energy. That would be situation where you find yourself at the edge of leaving the chemical memory state. The position of the corneas in the eye sockets determine what the eyes can perceive versus the brain. The 3rd eye can take in excess data, it has rods and cones just like your regular eyes and they can go omnidirectional whereas our eyes are limited to our front 170 degree line of sight.

Q: What are the mechanics when using LIGHT LANGUAGE? When I am speaking light language it is all about what the throat chakra is doing. All of my senses observing the vocal patterns that the reality is observing through the throat chakra. The knowingness is in the heart but the completeness of the manifestation, just like with any other skill, the final manifestation is in the voice, the throat chakra. I am setting a tone and a frequency. There will be people who don’t know what that language is but they know there is an intonation and a body language and an auric field that is interacting with it is also giving off psychic information that is also the sign form of light language. So when you are light language speaking you are using all parts of your body for the final manifestation for how the reality interprets it as an observer or an unentangled observer. That is the other side of light language you can speak to unentangled observers and be unentangled yet they still get their point across.
You have that right at all times to speak to them. That is the I AM presence apex of this hierarchical order and experience to use these words of command to be in dominion, or communion and union with beings. When beings are not in dominion, communion and union their light language is greatly reduced and only the highest versions of their light bodies can perform the greatest of their tasks. So when you have a being that is using much more light bodies that is much more in communion and union they have much more access to light languages. When your light bodies are calibrating more with I am presence the access of engaging these types of languages through your soul and the voice box becomes easier. The translation is more free flowing, without a verbatim translation. That equation setting has moments of harmony were several phrases before you speak light language can get changed and modified, the expression of photonic light. So I am giving codes to light itself to change an expression, much like a kaleidoscope opening and closing a specific pattern. And I can make multiple sets and patterns throughout the entire conversation. It is almost we remember how to use the frequencies of the voice, intonations to effect reality.
Q: What happens when we are reading out loud? People often can’t annunciate words because their shadow is stopping them, taking out the clarity of the language. When we reading out loud is a way to see and perceive of the programs that don’t want change within us. We are coming into the present moment, I AM in the vagus nerve and starts chucking out programs. Have you ever been into a book you are no longer reading the words and it’s like they are existing in your head? Being transported beyond the words.
QUANTUM LINGUISTICS & MILLION LETTER ALPHABET …..?
