

### Precognition and Postcognition


Several seconds before we consciously make a decision its outcome can be
predicted from unconscious activity in the brain. The conscious energy
field is connected to our precognitive workforce, which is part of our
implicate and explicate order. When we consciously entangle with that
workforce, those few seconds become infinite. One second in the quantum
world is infinite, yet you have several seconds in the physical world to
allow the precognitive workforce, that has an educated and practiced
intention behind it, to align natural synchronicities and pattern
recognition to create a much more solidified effect in the entangled and
unentangled processes. The *I am* precognitive workforce is a term
covering all versions of yourself simultaneously existing in time and
non-time and that have earned, learned, and re-learned the rights of
awareness. As a spiritually aware and natural co-creative evolutionary
being, existing in all time-space equations and beyond, we are assisted
by a masterful pre and post cognitive workforce, as our birthright and
legacy.

In the case of dementia, old age for example, where the earliest
memories become the most lucid and immediate, and short-term memory
becomes more difficult, there's a breakdown of chemical memory
association in the file tree. This is where the skull cap &mdash; the top of
the crown &mdash; tells the spirit where all the files are stored inside the
body. The chemical memories are corrupting the file tree because the
brain itself has broken down through lesions. Cellular pathways don’t
have energy to support the brain. There is a breakdown in the genetic
journey and part of the life and death contract. Significant distorted
memory just before death triggers a markedly different form of life
review. Reverting back to younger versions of the self is a co-existence
in time through bilocation. It skews the light memories. The light body
doesn’t identify to a single point of time anymore. This is the
corruption of the chemical memory, the time stamping. This disease can
be contracted by the fetus in the womb or by DNA design and plan. There
are certain DNA skinsuits with a prevalent experience in them. The fetus
knows that before it goes into the DNA form for the experience. There is
much we can do to prevent this, but we don’t have the proper gut gnome
from a very young age to support brain health. Then there is the mental,
spiritual, physical drama and trauma that attacks the brain even more.
The life journey can be cut radically short by the manipulation that was
done to the DNA about 35,000 years ago when the brainstem was
manipulated. The motor cortex functions were assigned an earlier ending
date than the actual extended life process. Many of us could live two to
three hundred years if we had proper trauma resolution so as not to burn
out the neurological pathways. Optimal gut health is a remedy to avoid
the plaque build up which causes dementia. It is all about the volume of
individuals who are part of the ocean of awareness choosing to
experience a law as a fundamental value of experience from one era of
light to the next. Unentangled observers do not have to abide by
universal laws. That is the whole point of entering that state of
neutral observation.

Universal laws come down to egg and sperm technology or other birthing
processes that generate lineages differently. The birthing technologies
determine how the universal laws are used, and every birthing technology
has different quantum laws. The sperm, seed, egg technology allows
access to the infinite blueprint or the planning stage. Sexuality and
prayer are built into our DNA. Our DNA is in sympathetic creation with
the natural order here. This reality gives us coherent resonance with
geometric holograms of information to decode, process, and use to our
advantage. The journey into the greater awareness is understanding how
to use our energy as a conscious being of choice. We start in this bliss
state where the infinite code is in the celestial mediumship. The
celestial medium steps down into the fetus and goes through the laws of
forgetting so it doesn’t have access to its infinite sight. It then is a
part of this hologram as a non-infinite being who is on the journey to
celestial mediumship again. We are forever trying to get back to that
place of bliss and joy. All the teachings since the dawn of spirituality
have a bliss teaching. It is our our birthright. Inside the fetus in the
womb state is the non-locality teaching. We are both locality and
non-locality. What makes us different from the fetus are the memories we
have stored in light. Our blueprint as a fetus has the infinite set of
memories and potentials we've created. The incarnational process allows
us to experience all forms of life on the planet. We go through all the
forms of life. This is the mastery path in its purest form. The *I am*
data unpacks and decodes itself through its eras of incarnation. We add
the chemical memories to enforce linear time so spiritual contracts can
come to fruition.

There are beings who no longer use any form of birthing technology &mdash;
pure unentangled quantum observers. They can use any seed and egg
technology to generate different forms of *I am* technology. This is how
the fifteen multidimensional beings were abusing the universal laws.
They knew they could splinter themselves into thousands of *I am*
experiences and remain unentangled observers by various degrees of
separation. They were wholly unentangled and conscious energy beings
using the laws of incarnation through technology. In the ancient past
cloning technology was easy to use. They could incarnate into a dog, a
rabbit, a cat, anything, really, and remain the unentangled observer.
The DNA instrument determines the richness of the experience for the
unentangled observer.

Transmigration is the spiritual term for leaving the human form for a
lower form in the incarnational pattern. It's usually presented as a
punishment or admonishment to better behavior, but, after performing war
contracts in an incarnation, a cat incarnation disconnects the being
from the implicate order of repetitive karma and allows it to have other
lifetimes of incarnation separate of the karma created in the war. By
leaving the implicate and explicate order and becoming a completely
unentangled observer in the natural food chain &mdash; a separate karmic
interaction &mdash; beings of the past created karmic debt that was put onto
lineages. The debt was no longer connected to the being but to their
lineage. That’s how lineage based debt was created. It's an insight into
the sins of the father being upon the sons doctrine in the Abrahamic
scriptures. There are beings who used the unentangled observer
technology to escape karma. They escaped their karmic responsibility by
leaving karma's chain of custody and scapegoating their own future
generations.

In the ocean of awareness &mdash; the living algorithm of life &mdash; all data is
conscious. We become the living algorithm of life when we are in a DNA
skinsuit that is regularly achieving near super or superluminal
thinking. The algorithm is a fundamental part of the I AM technology
unfolding as you grow older and become more experienced running the DNA
skinsuit at its higher functionalities. When you act as the living
algorithm of life within superluminal thinking, you create a signature
frequency where others can palpably sense the meaning of your delivery.
Being fixed and not fixed in time. In this refined state of being, we
enter the energy frequency that is the living algorithm of life. We stay
grounded in the body and explain things in the twenty-six letter encoded
English alphabet. We all do it. Most won’t realize when they do it.
Often clarity comes in dream space because the mind is out of the way.
The celestial medium of peace is functioning in many scores of
dreamworlds, with many of the pre and post cognitive workforces creating
the language of masterful manifestations through visions. The data, as
part of the wave form, works as the precognitive workforce to manipulate
how it will be perceived at its endpoint in space-time. The ocean of
awareness is the technical source point for the flow of data that may or
may not generate into the sea of consciousness, an observable time-space
reality. It allows the data to flow to the sea of consciousness in a
fixed time-space narrative which then allows consciousness to observe
it. Consciousness in the sea of consciousness can both be entangled and
unentangled, manifested and non-manifested in time. In the sea of
consciousness, quantum physics becomes confusing. We are still in the
ocean of awareness. Part of us might still consciously entangle with the
ocean of awareness as a greater observer as space-time narrative. This
is how the angelic forces work. If we go back thousands of eras of
light, when the universe was not as big as it is now, with perhaps 200
galaxies in it, the ocean of awareness was a very small network. In
order to know itself through a sea of consciousness, it generated a
seventh dimensional galactic seed planet &mdash; earth &mdash; a place where the
ocean of awareness could directly manifest, change, and adjust the laws
of quantum physics through entangled and unentangled observers. It
created matter based lifeforms on mass scales to populate new galaxies,
part of the greater exploration of where light can go into the void of
experiences. Lifeforms went to the ocean of awareness to find meaning
and to create agendas in the sea of consciousness. Source can be
observed as a hologram through the egg and sperm creation. All of the
information is already there to form new parts of the hologram through
new life experience.

Data is a finished algorithm. An ongoing algorithm is the conscious
processing power CPU of the chemical memory being made into light
memory. In the journey of becoming a solidified chemical and light
memory it becomes data. The observer ends the journey of processing the
perception and turns it into a perspective before it moves on to the
next subject matter. We know 1+1=2, but when you're a little kid trying
to figure out math the brain slows down. Once you have the answer that
ends the process. Having an affirmative answer it then becomes a
solidified DNA memory in light &mdash; transcendence &mdash; accessible through
knowingness, easily accessible to your awareness during pattern
recognition. There are times where the information is at the tip of your
tongue but you can’t get it until the time you stop thinking about it.
The pattern recognition can trigger the memory from before.
