
## Traveling


There is a lot of past technology resurfacing in the field of
consciousness. Remote viewing is an example. This is when the
consciousness is trained to go somewhere and see and hear. The body is
localized but the *I am* goes somewhere else in space or space-time. You
might know this from films like *The Men Who Stare at Goats*. They
mocked it in the film, but in real life it has been used by military and
intelligence quite effectively. It precedes this modern utility, of
course, and has been a part of human activities for quite some time,
from tribal shaman to ancient priest classes in bygone times. It has its
roots in Lemuria, the ancient civilization that existed alongside
Atlantis. They pioneered the technology of the *unentangled observer*, a
specialty within Lemurian DNA combined with the ancient Lemurian city
technology of deep observance, like psychic telescopes, so they could
remotely view anyone in the multiple universes as unentangled observers.
When they became very practiced at the unentangled observer, it became a
part of their DNA and they passed it on in lineages, like having an
invisible cloak. That DNA became commercialized in the galactic genetics
market &mdash; the primary exchange in the galaxy and the universes, by the
way &mdash; to species who were spiritually, physically, and emotionally not
ready for it, but they procured the DNA anyways, bought or stolen. This
created the DNA wars and it's why DNA farming exists today. The original
gene for the unentangled observer was added to other species through
genetic mixing.

The unentangled observer technology was a DNA experience that could be
traded with lineages and species compatible with it. It came with a
price. Some species lost their sex organs and were forced to clone to
reproduce. It depended on the level of density of the species that
imported the genetics of the unentangled observer. The natural and
supernatural are the same thing. The preternatural is the result of
gross violations to the natural and supernatural law. This is a
self-governed reality. The divine hologram is perfect. It is the
arrogance of sentient beings that produces miscreants, and miscreants
are the doorway to the preternatural.

An unentangled observer doesn't require a body. An unentangled observer
is an experience which becomes a DNA memory. The DNA memory can be
extracted from a lineage and inserted into another. The new lineage
*inherits* the aspect and experience. Epigenetics is the real galactic
mercantilism. The original species to get unentangled observer DNA lost
their *I am* sovereignty. It was a long process, as all things related
to genetics are. They left their home worlds and entered the void
between galaxies and universes and became the *stalkers of the void*.
Out there, at the edges of nothingness, no longer attached to any time
space localities, they could send back the remains of their
consciousness to observe their home worlds through many points of view.
They collected DNA memories and data of observation then returned from
the void space. As they advanced in this process, they could remain in
the void space, and they could create and send data streams directly to
a form of DNA technology that absorbed the *live stream* data of an
unentangled observer. That’s how they first gained the capacity to be
unentangled observers. After that, they started trading the DNA to other
species.

A pure quantum observer doesn't need a body and is not predictable to
others. Many beings have reached the level of awareness at which they
don't need a body to have an experience. There exist hollow earth beings
living in the space between atoms by unentangled observer genetics. They
spread agendas throughout implicate order time. This is why DNA farming
is so unique. These wholly unentangled, agenda-driven observers can
create a light body within the various implicate orders to transfer data
back to them through two or three or more degrees of separation. They
themselves remain unentangled, and difficult to nearly impossible to
observe, all the while, spreading their agenda through many frequencies
of time . This is abuse of the quantum laws. Let’s say there are
unentangled quantum observer light bodies in 1330 in Italy and it is
2021 now. There are many degrees of separation between them and us.
Every generation is a separation of density. This allows any generation
to impact on the past. The past is manipulable. Any changes immediately
alter a potential future. This is why timeline manipulation is so easy
to do. DNA farming is manipulating how memories are light-stored in the
past, and how they are passed on to our teachers, historians and books &mdash;
our official record.

Light memory storage happens when an experience is so high in vibration
and harmony that finite chemicals can no longer be sustained. It's easy
for an untangled observer to tune into this level of high intensity
bright light, where a memory is fractured, fractalized, and easily
manipulable. When they tell the story one way or another, or it is not
in their memory at all, the past has changed, and our existence here
assumes the change from the entangled reality of birth. The global
narrative takes form and becomes the implicate order we accept through
our judgment journey. History has been so heavily manipulated that maybe
ten percent is true. We all have spiritual contracts which underwrite
the memories as true. This allows us to participate in the implicate
order here as a finite being on the journey back to the infinite. This
is why we go through the great forgetting.

In quantum realm there is no locality and non-locality. It’s all one
divine hologram, an infinite universe with all different levels of
unique expression in form and non-form. The perspective of the implicate
and explicate order ends. This is the void space. It's part of the
universal hologram. A barren place, hence the name &mdash; the void space. The
implicate and explicate unfolds in the the sea of consciousness.

The unentangled observer appears in many forms. Cats were created from
the ground up as a skinsuit so beings could learn unentangled
observation. There are many skinsuits that are unentangled observers.
Certain gut gnomes we have can be unentangled observers. Cats are the
most prolific, common not just on this world but millions of others as
well. Jelly fish and certain breeds of coral can be unentangled
observers, to give a couple more examples.
