The Divine Hologram
===================

    hologram noun
    ho·​lo·​gram | \ ˈhō-lə-ˌgram  , ˈhä-  \
    Definition of hologram
    : a three-dimensional image reproduced from a pattern of interference produced by a split coherent beam of radiation (such as a laser)
    also : the pattern of interference itself

    Merriam Webster's Online Dictionary

Space-time is an infinite set of co-ordinates atop existence. We live in
a reality defined by experience. We tell stories. They have a beginning,
a middle, and an end. We chronicle our stories. The first person who
ever took pen to paper did so in fear, and this is why human beings are
enmeshed in stories. We love the drama. We love to create it, and we
love to consume it. Drama is tension. Human beings say they want peace,
but it's kind of a scam when you're honest. If we wanted peace we
wouldn't create tension in our lives, but without the tension we can't
live the drama. It's best just to be honest. If you lie about it you're
more susceptible to programming, which proliferates the world, hundreds
of broadcast networks and movie studios all over the world — Hollywood,
Bollywood, Hong Kong, Shanghai, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation,
British Broadcasting Corporation, and too many more to list — all
servicing humanity's insatiable appetite for programming, which is drama
for the most part, which, as we have clearly established, is tension.
Yet, if you walk up to any human being and ask them if they prefer peace
to tension they will tell you they prefer peace. Isn't that strange?

It really isn't that strange when you understand what's going on down
here. On the spiral ladder of our deoxyribonucleic acid — DNA by its
affectionate abbreviation — we hold an evolving marker of our place in
time-space which also represents our level of consciousness. This marker
is the sum of our *experience* — where experience is movement in
time-space, and the drama, the tension, we create — and represents but a
faction of our greater soul, and the experiences we have assimilated as
a soul faction.

This marker is directly aligned with our level of responsibility because
our level of consciousness is always equal to our level of
responsibility. They are in a symbiotic relationship, consciousness and
responsibility. DNA is in essence coordinates to where we fit in
space-time, or, to stay with our narrative, how we've been *written
into* the story. Our circumstance is our DNA, which is our story, which
is our tension, which is our drama, which we wrote and act out
ourselves, forgetting the author sleeps in our unconscious.

We have the story, creation, and we have the author, God and soul as a
fractal of God, or the prime creator, as God is so anthropomorphically
programmed into human consciousness as a being like us — two arms and
legs, two eyes and ears, bipedal, and fond of long white beards — and we
have the actor, soul as well, incarnate — sheathed really — in this
body, borrowed from air, earth, water, fire, and ether.

The travail of the soul is to unlock levels of consciousness. It is a
travail because we must suffer for it. New consciousness permits us to
embody new experiences, to write, direct, and star in a more expanded
story.

So why a hologram, and, more importantly, why a divine hologram? It's a
hologram because it is light projected into a three dimensional
manifestation. It's divine because the light comes from the prime
creator, God. When we use the word hologram we get an idea of something
mechanistic, of some malicious tinker on the other side of reality
making it, and, therefore, it's all fake, a simulation, and therefore we
are the victim of something. Nothing could be further from the truth,
unless we can victimize ourselves, which we can and we do, because drama
needs tension, and tension is stress, and volunteering for stress by
manufactured tension is masochistic. By calling it a hologram, with all
the mechanistic undertone, we make an object of our reality, something
acting against us, a god, a devil, an angel, a demon, anything but
ourselves. This is why we objectify our reality. This is why we call it
a simulation, a matrix, a hologram. It's a lack of consciousness, a
failure to attribute the divine to the light, and a stone deaf ear to
the word, which is the sound which is the light, sustaining all the
worlds in this sound and light manifestation. It's funny, because when
you clue into it; it's everywhere.

    She should have died hereafter.
    There would have been a time for such a word.
    Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow
    Creeps in this petty pace from day to day
    To the last syllable of recorded time.
    And all our yesterdays have lighted fools
    The way to dusty death. Out, out, brief candle.
    Life’s but a walking shadow, a poor player
    That struts and frets his hour upon the stage,
    And then is heard no more. It is a tale
    Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury,
    Signifying nothing.

    Macbeth
    William Shakespeare

Why would the end of time be marked and measured by syllables? Because
it's all sound, and light is a form of sound. This is, of course, why we
have so much tonal prayer and trance, whether it be Sufi dervishes
spinning to an intoxicating Arabic song-like prayer, heavy on chanting,
the persistence of mantra in yoga and meditation, long vowel sounds
drawn out on the breath, or the deep throat singing of the Mongols,
which, they say, allows them to speak to their ancestors, and Gregorian
chanting in the Christian tradition. It's all about the sounds.

There are so many creation stories. The garden of Eden and the rather
horrid unfolding of Genesis, the incredible tales of the turtle universe
from the Iroquois Confederacy in Canada, or the novel, post-modern
*school room of soul* narrative the new age favors. They're all versions
of the same story. One of the more recent — only five hundred years ago
— is the Anurag Sagar, orated by an illiterate weaver named Kabir Sahib,
a satguru — which means *true teacher* — of his time. He ups the game
big time. He introduces a creation story where God willed everything
into existence with seventeen shabdas — sound currents — that animate
all the dimensions and sub-dimensions that weave together reality. It's
an incredibly precise addition to creation mythologies, and certainly
the forebearer of all notions of at least a great many of our dimensions
being simulations of sorts. Hence the divine hologram, which is the
metaphor for creation used here, in this instance, a literal metaphor.
It's true both figuratively and literally. The seventeen shabdas
originate from a place that itself has no sound, but is not silent, and
no light, but is not dark, the final riddle from the illiterate weaver.

We are not actuality creating anything in time. We are traversing it and
enjoining an experience with it. We are seedlings in a cosmic garden,
passing through experiences expressed in a specific form of life, and
then, when sentience is achieved alongside language and culture, we go
through any number of human expressions until we master the tool, the
*hu man* form, a rather extraordinary instrument, as maligned as it has
become in the *First World*, the newer, better *hu man* that seems just
around the corner, the *trans hu man*, the super man made from man,
Nietzsche's bastard let loose upon the world — nonetheless, a rather
extraordinary instrument, the *hu man* form. We are inside a sound and
light reality, one of many, and we traverse and enjoin experience with
it, unaware we're inside it, until, by epiphany, the nature of the
system reveals itself in form. The story was written before we lived it,
even though it seemed like it was really happening for the longest of
times. We are living the mapped out keys of the experiences. Every
choice, path, and set of functions, every different type of life has
been made available to us so we can embody the experience, mapped like a
script, written into what we perceive to be a timeline, a bloodline, a
clan, a tribe, a culture, a people, a place, a planet — stories within
stories, managed by cosmic editors and keepers of time, all under a
prime creator, an amorphous but fully conscious presence in everything
we call life, unconditionally offering the experiences as an expression
of its love. You believe as much already if you follow a prophetic
religion. The prophets tell of a a story already written.

Do not diminish your position as a living and sentient being. You are
creating within this world. Your free will choices unfold the story. As
the story unfolds, you receive the blessings of the particular
experience. Never feel overwhelmed or helpless. We are truly connected
to the outcome of our unique choices. As we get further into this
journey, we realize we're time traveling beings by nature. In no way is
this experience linear. We are responsible for our creations forwards
and backwards in time, and we can make alterations as we see fit — when
our consciousness is so unfolded — by connecting to past and future
versions of ourselves.

Eternity is in the present moment, mediated through attention and
awareness, by perception and perspective, until we leave the celestial
sphere, then, a new swath of perception opens. The outer frequency of
this hologram unfolds into more and bigger holograms. This goes all the
way up the scale of our awareness. Our perception allows us a greater,
360 ° view. Suddenly perspective has no direction, no horizon, no fade
to black. It's everywhere, operating at a higher law of nature, but
natural nonetheless. We are unentangled.

The Entangled Observer in the Implicate & Explicate Order
---------------------------------------------------------

As we move past a subject, part of our brain continues to color in the
past event, as if it were a live memory, until we completely disentangle
from the subject. We do it all the time, so much we don't even notice
we're doing it. We go to a party. We have a good time. We synchronize
with the moment. Upon leaving, the energy of the party persists in us
with a kind of half-life — still thinking and feeling the fun we had at
the party and *coloring* the memory until our consciousness disentangles
from the energetic imprint.

We want to stay with high frequency experiences, but we get disconnected
— how and why? Sleep can disconnect us. An argument with a significant
other can alter our frequency, but, even a few hours after the argument,
it was still a fun party. Think of a kite and the wind that suddenly
reconnects to the energy. Having a jarring accident could put a sudden
end to a high frequency.\
Then, the next month’s party at the same place has us coloring the
experience before we even get there. We send our precognitive workforce
there to experience it prior to the actual event.

Our state of perception influences us. When we *think back on* the party
we are in the *implicate*, *enfolded order*, as opposed to being *at the
party*, where we are in the *explicate*, *unfolded order*. The state of
perception — implicate or explicate — determines how we perceive the
physics of the environment. The physics of the environment, as well as
the observer’s perception, changes as the observer moves between
explicate to implicate order. The state of perception equals
perspective. The perspective of the explicate order — when you are at
the party — is different than the perspective of the implicate, the
memory. No matter if you are spiritual, atheistic, or anything else,
it's all quantum mechanics expressed in different words.

The entangled observer uses a deeper information process, while, with
the unentangled observer, the information is in full flow, and there is
no need to process it — it's already in their knowing. When you have
infinite love co-creating with you, you must truly choose to be the
disentangled observer. Go into your heart space. Create that vision in
your mind and engage with the sacred, neutral observer, knowing
information cannot change you unless you agree to it. Based on how the I
AM now is understood and processed, it will either expand or contract
your knowing. By making that sovereign choice to be the disentangled
observer of the self means you get the fullest versions of yourself in
the here and now.\
You are the apex of your own hierarchical order. Say that in your mental
heart space.

*I am the apex of my own hierarchical order, and no other hierarchical
system has control and domination within me.* The entangled observer,
going through the process of perception and perspective, is refining the
thought structures. Every time you have an *aha* moment you go from
implicate to explicate. You can be an implicate unentangled observer and
be in the explicate observation simultaneously, but entanglement is a
deeper choice to enter into it.

In this reality there are no real truths and facts because every time we
go from implicate to explicate and back the memory has changed. This is
what shatters space-time as the foundation of everything and creates
plasticity of reality. Consciousness does not adhere to space-time per
the rules of Newtonian physics. Why would it? Consciousness is not of
matter, but it can exist within and experience matter. Thoughts and
memories, even as part of the implicate and explicate order, are a
chemical frequency in nature. There comes a point in light frequencies
where we bypass the chemical frequency in nature, and we operate in a
higher dimension where space and time are no longer relevant. Space-time
is dependent on how the implicate and explicate order goes to chemical
and light memory storage long term. This is when the DNA instrument of
experience can have a 360 ° view of itself. Spiritual contracts can
become part of the implicate and explicate order. This creates the time
stamp on the linear side of the life form, or, the DNA instrument of
experience. It also creates the adherence to the global narrative. The
past, present, and future are irrelevant based off perception, but it is
perception that gives it relevancy in the moment when the chemical
memory becomes a light memory or in the case of high frequency, when we
bypass chemical memories to create an experience.

The status of entanglement determines the outcome. Quantum physics works
on the premise that everything is entangled. It places all significance
on the observer without looking at the observer status of entanglement.

An unentangled observer can observe the quantum field without having an
effect on it. It happens all the time. Observers are born into human
form, sent into this world to create a record of it they then take back
to where they came from. They do not interfere with the unfoldment of
circumstance here. If they did, they would be entangled. There are
numerous observers and collectives of observers that we might call
off-world, able to observe us nonetheless. They are not influencing us,
but they have a perception of us based on the observed data that is put
back into their form of experience — their body, if you will. like the
human form for us — or what we can call, however *clinical*, the DNA
instrument. The experience is taken in as a flow, then perceived after
the time of observation. This allows them to remain unentangled
observers because they are two degrees of separation from the original
observance. The DNA does not influence the observation because of the
two degrees of observation from the observed. It is our birth right and
legacy as human beings to do that too. The more degrees of separation
the easier it is to become a quantum observer. As you untangle yourself
from everything that will give you the choice to perceive from a place
of non-definition. DNA has a light frequency in it beyond our
understanding. Our consciousness can engage the unseen world and by
using mystical linguistics our knowing can expand. As unentangled
observer, no charge, no polarity can influence you. You have the
unlimited point of view, in sacred neutrality where all information
flows as an experience in expansion of your knowing. This is when the
mystical becomes the norm.

An unentangled observer may be implicate and explicate at the same time.
You don’t have to have an explicate explanation as a prerequisite to the
implicate order. Every time the quantum field is accessed and observed,
the access and observation creates a marker point in time and no-time
that the implicate and explicate order is no longer defined separately
but viewed simultaneously. You can call back all marker points in time
to which you are a fixed point in space-time for spiritual resolution.
When you become a fixed moment in space-time all of your simultaneously
existing selves can tune into your finite point in time. Those
particular marker points in time could be many eras of light apart, or
the could represent a marker point in an era of light in which you
became an apex of your DNA lineage of registry. You could liken it to
puberty — that would be a marker point in time. The era of innocence
ends. The adult with miles to go before it sleeps, and promises to keep,
to borrow from Robert Frost, emerges. It’s a marker point in time,
because a greater form of time stamping is created.

Sound is a form of light. Light makes up memories. Memories can be
changed. Yes — memories can change. We can change our memories. We can
change our past. This is the power given to every one of us, but few
access it it a lifetime. It's just another forgotten part of the grand
being we call soul.

The study of mnemonics is incorrect. The scientists understand the
chemical part of memory, but not the light part. Past, present, or
future memories are all frequencies of light. When we watch a video it
is a slice of time. When we create a document, or read out loud with
power, these are slices of time — we gather and form intent and imprint
in us that has borders and boundaries to not allow beings of forced
evolution into your frequency. *It enforces the borders and boundaries
saying: I am a match for global dreamtime awakening; I am a signature
frequency match for my own dreaming self; I am a match for my own
healing and mastery; I am a match for union and communion; I am not a
match for hate and war; I am not a signature frequency match for bad
relationships in my life.*

This is what these revocations are for and if you read them from the
heart, from a place of power, expanding the wholeness that is you,
bringing the fullness of your sacred discipline, your sacred genius to
mean what you say. Read them out loud as often as you can. Once you have
found the power in your voice, record them. Listen is a deep meditative
state. Hear your own version of power. Present your own signature
frequency to that past incarnation of you and raise that frequency, that
emanation of light, through sacred discipline and choice. These are
choice points, markers in time. They project to a future version of
yourself who may not be in that power or ready to get to the next level.
Introduce yourself to yourself with this method and you begin to learn
you are your greatest teacher, you are a signature frequency match for
what you focus on. You are a match for great change when it has potent
concepts behind it that directly connect to you. By way of these tools,
powerfully applied in the physical present moment, we make a conscious
choice to be the unentangled observer, to interpret more data and data
sets at a superluminal thinking level, enforcing our sovereignty as
divine co-creative celestial beings of the now.

The unentangled observer is not attached to information or its flow.
Until we become the unentangled observer, we impact on situations purely
through observation. We create another neutral observer external to us
after this. We create it inside the divine hologram. We raise our light
frequency to create that anima part, reaching towards the celestial
medium journey, increasing our frequency until we are the celestial
medium. This hasn’t manifested in the human information field yet.
Nobody in science or spirituality is talking about it.

One might very easily have questions about judgment here. How do you
participate in family, community, economy, government, and world affairs
as an unentangled observer? Suspend judgment. Judgment is an attachment
to this divine hologram we are born into. It's also a petition for
experience. This is our unconscious understanding of irony. In order to
detach we need to practice the unentangled observer. We can achieve a
non-judgmental state, non-competition, equal co-creation, with
non-hierarchical order. It is our natural state.

Judgment is a very unique perspective. There are certain high states of
awareness that use judgment. Judgment is an ongoing challenge all
consciousness is going through. Making something absolute is necessary
to solidify concepts, but it can prevent greater states of awareness.
Judgment is required to materialize concepts from the sea of awareness.
This is another way of looking at materialism. It's not all just cash
and cupidity. There are certain highly aware beings who are very
judgmental. They've gone so far into concepts of good or bad it's their
way or no way.

Traveling
---------

There is a lot of past technology resurfacing in the field of
consciousness. Remote viewing is an example. This is when the
consciousness is trained to go somewhere and see and hear. The body is
localized but the *I am* goes somewhere else in space or space-time. You
might know this from films like *The Men Who Stare at Goats*. They
mocked it in the film, but in real life it has been used by military and
intelligence quite effectively. It precedes this modern utility, of
course, and has been a part of human activities for quite some time,
from tribal shaman to ancient priest classes in bygone times. It has its
roots in Lemuria, the ancient civilization that existed alongside
Atlantis. They pioneered the technology of the *unentangled observer*, a
specialty within Lemurian DNA combined with the ancient Lemurian city
technology of deep observance, like psychic telescopes, so they could
remotely view anyone in the multiple universes as unentangled observers.
When they became very practiced at the unentangled observer, it became a
part of their DNA and they passed it on in lineages, like having an
invisible cloak. That DNA became commercialized in the galactic genetics
market — the primary exchange in the galaxy and the universes, by the
way — to species who were spiritually, physically, and emotionally not
ready for it, but they procured the DNA anyways, bought or stolen. This
created the DNA wars and it's why DNA farming exists today. The original
gene for the unentangled observer was added to other species through
genetic mixing.

The unentangled observer technology was a DNA experience that could be
traded with lineages and species compatible with it. It came with a
price. Some species lost their sex organs and were forced to clone to
reproduce. It depended on the level of density of the species that
imported the genetics of the unentangled observer. The natural and
supernatural are the same thing. The preternatural is the result of
gross violations to the natural and supernatural law. This is a
self-governed reality. The divine hologram is perfect. It is the
arrogance of sentient beings that produces miscreants, and miscreants
are the doorway to the preternatural.

An unentangled observer doesn't require a body. An unentangled observer
is an experience which becomes a DNA memory. The DNA memory can be
extracted from a lineage and inserted into another. The new lineage
*inherits* the aspect and experience. Epigenetics is the real galactic
mercantilism. The original species to get unentangled observer DNA lost
their *I am* sovereignty. It was a long process, as all things related
to genetics are. They left their home worlds and entered the void
between galaxies and universes and became the *stalkers of the void*.
Out there, at the edges of nothingness, no longer attached to any time
space localities, they could send back the remains of their
consciousness to observe their home worlds through many points of view.
They collected DNA memories and data of observation then returned from
the void space. As they advanced in this process, they could remain in
the void space, and they could create and send data streams directly to
a form of DNA technology that absorbed the *live stream* data of an
unentangled observer. That’s how they first gained the capacity to be
unentangled observers. After that, they started trading the DNA to other
species.

A pure quantum observer doesn't need a body and is not predictable to
others. Many beings have reached the level of awareness at which they
don't need a body to have an experience. There exist hollow earth beings
living in the space between atoms by unentangled observer genetics. They
spread agendas throughout implicate order time. This is why DNA farming
is so unique. These wholly unentangled, agenda-driven observers can
create a light body within the various implicate orders to transfer data
back to them through two or three or more degrees of separation. They
themselves remain unentangled, and difficult to nearly impossible to
observe, all the while, spreading their agenda through many frequencies
of time . This is abuse of the quantum laws. Let’s say there are
unentangled quantum observer light bodies in 1330 in Italy and it is
2021 now. There are many degrees of separation between them and us.
Every generation is a separation of density. This allows any generation
to impact on the past. The past is manipulable. Any changes immediately
alter a potential future. This is why timeline manipulation is so easy
to do. DNA farming is manipulating how memories are light-stored in the
past, and how they are passed on to our teachers, historians and books —
our official record.

Light memory storage happens when an experience is so high in vibration
and harmony that finite chemicals can no longer be sustained. It's easy
for an untangled observer to tune into this level of high intensity
bright light, where a memory is fractured, fractalized, and easily
manipulable. When they tell the story one way or another, or it is not
in their memory at all, the past has changed, and our existence here
assumes the change from the entangled reality of birth. The global
narrative takes form and becomes the implicate order we accept through
our judgment journey. History has been so heavily manipulated that maybe
ten percent is true. We all have spiritual contracts which underwrite
the memories as true. This allows us to participate in the implicate
order here as a finite being on the journey back to the infinite. This
is why we go through the great forgetting.

In quantum realm there is no locality and non-locality. It’s all one
divine hologram, an infinite universe with all different levels of
unique expression in form and non-form. The perspective of the implicate
and explicate order ends. This is the void space. It's part of the
universal hologram. A barren place, hence the name — the void space. The
implicate and explicate unfolds in the the sea of consciousness.

The unentangled observer appears in many forms. Cats were created from
the ground up as a skinsuit so beings could learn unentangled
observation. There are many skinsuits that are unentangled observers.
Certain gut gnomes we have can be unentangled observers. Cats are the
most prolific, common not just on this world but millions of others as
well. Jelly fish and certain breeds of coral can be unentangled
observers, to give a couple more examples.

Pre and Post Cognitive Workforces
---------------------------------

Several seconds before we consciously make a decision its outcome can be
predicted from unconscious activity in the brain. The conscious energy
field is connected to our precognitive workforce, which is part of our
implicate and explicate order. When we consciously entangle with that
workforce, those few seconds become infinite. One second in the quantum
world is infinite, yet you have several seconds in the physical world to
allow the precognitive workforce, that has an educated and practiced
intention behind it, to align natural synchronicities and pattern
recognition to create a much more solidified effect in the entangled and
unentangled processes. The *I am* precognitive workforce is a term
covering all versions of yourself simultaneously existing in time and
non-time and that have earned, learned, and re-learned the rights of
awareness. As a spiritually aware and natural co-creative evolutionary
being, existing in all time-space equations and beyond, we are assisted
by a masterful pre and post cognitive workforce, as our birthright and
legacy.

In the case of dementia, old age for example, where the earliest
memories become the most lucid and immediate, and short-term memory
becomes more difficult, there's a breakdown of chemical memory
association in the file tree. This is where the skull cap — the top of
the crown — tells the spirit where all the files are stored inside the
body. The chemical memories are corrupting the file tree because the
brain itself has broken down through lesions. Cellular pathways don’t
have energy to support the brain. There is a breakdown in the genetic
journey and part of the life and death contract. Significant distorted
memory just before death triggers a markedly different form of life
review. Reverting back to younger versions of the self is a co-existence
in time through bilocation. It skews the light memories. The light body
doesn’t identify to a single point of time anymore. This is the
corruption of the chemical memory, the time stamping. This disease can
be contracted by the fetus in the womb or by DNA design and plan. There
are certain DNA skinsuits with a prevalent experience in them. The fetus
knows that before it goes into the DNA form for the experience. There is
much we can do to prevent this, but we don’t have the proper gut gnome
from a very young age to support brain health. Then there is the mental,
spiritual, physical drama and trauma that attacks the brain even more.
The life journey can be cut radically short by the manipulation that was
done to the DNA about 35,000 years ago when the brainstem was
manipulated. The motor cortex functions were assigned an earlier ending
date than the actual extended life process. Many of us could live two to
three hundred years if we had proper trauma resolution so as not to burn
out the neurological pathways. Optimal gut health is a remedy to avoid
the plaque build up which causes dementia. It is all about the volume of
individuals who are part of the ocean of awareness choosing to
experience a law as a fundamental value of experience from one era of
light to the next. Unentangled observers do not have to abide by
universal laws. That is the whole point of entering that state of
neutral observation.

Universal laws come down to egg and sperm technology or other birthing
processes that generate lineages differently. The birthing technologies
determine how the universal laws are used, and every birthing technology
has different quantum laws. The sperm, seed, egg technology allows
access to the infinite blueprint or the planning stage. Sexuality and
prayer are built into our DNA. Our DNA is in sympathetic creation with
the natural order here. This reality gives us coherent resonance with
geometric holograms of information to decode, process, and use to our
advantage. The journey into the greater awareness is understanding how
to use our energy as a conscious being of choice. We start in this bliss
state where the infinite code is in the celestial mediumship. The
celestial medium steps down into the fetus and goes through the laws of
forgetting so it doesn’t have access to its infinite sight. It then is a
part of this hologram as a non-infinite being who is on the journey to
celestial mediumship again. We are forever trying to get back to that
place of bliss and joy. All the teachings since the dawn of spirituality
have a bliss teaching. It is our our birthright. Inside the fetus in the
womb state is the non-locality teaching. We are both locality and
non-locality. What makes us different from the fetus are the memories we
have stored in light. Our blueprint as a fetus has the infinite set of
memories and potentials we've created. The incarnational process allows
us to experience all forms of life on the planet. We go through all the
forms of life. This is the mastery path in its purest form. The *I am*
data unpacks and decodes itself through its eras of incarnation. We add
the chemical memories to enforce linear time so spiritual contracts can
come to fruition.

There are beings who no longer use any form of birthing technology —
pure unentangled quantum observers. They can use any seed and egg
technology to generate different forms of *I am* technology. This is how
the fifteen multidimensional beings were abusing the universal laws.
They knew they could splinter themselves into thousands of *I am*
experiences and remain unentangled observers by various degrees of
separation. They were wholly unentangled and conscious energy beings
using the laws of incarnation through technology. In the ancient past
cloning technology was easy to use. They could incarnate into a dog, a
rabbit, a cat, anything, really, and remain the unentangled observer.
The DNA instrument determines the richness of the experience for the
unentangled observer.

Transmigration is the spiritual term for leaving the human form for a
lower form in the incarnational pattern. It's usually presented as a
punishment or admonishment to better behavior, but, after performing war
contracts in an incarnation, a cat incarnation disconnects the being
from the implicate order of repetitive karma and allows it to have other
lifetimes of incarnation separate of the karma created in the war. By
leaving the implicate and explicate order and becoming a completely
unentangled observer in the natural food chain — a separate karmic
interaction — beings of the past created karmic debt that was put onto
lineages. The debt was no longer connected to the being but to their
lineage. That’s how lineage based debt was created. It's an insight into
the sins of the father being upon the sons doctrine in the Abrahamic
scriptures. There are beings who used the unentangled observer
technology to escape karma. They escaped their karmic responsibility by
leaving karma's chain of custody and scapegoating their own future
generations.

In the ocean of awareness — the living algorithm of life — all data is
conscious. We become the living algorithm of life when we are in a DNA
skinsuit that is regularly achieving near super or superluminal
thinking. The algorithm is a fundamental part of the I AM technology
unfolding as you grow older and become more experienced running the DNA
skinsuit at its higher functionalities. When you act as the living
algorithm of life within superluminal thinking, you create a signature
frequency where others can palpably sense the meaning of your delivery.
Being fixed and not fixed in time. In this refined state of being, we
enter the energy frequency that is the living algorithm of life. We stay
grounded in the body and explain things in the twenty-six letter encoded
English alphabet. We all do it. Most won’t realize when they do it.
Often clarity comes in dream space because the mind is out of the way.
The celestial medium of peace is functioning in many scores of
dreamworlds, with many of the pre and post cognitive workforces creating
the language of masterful manifestations through visions. The data, as
part of the wave form, works as the precognitive workforce to manipulate
how it will be perceived at its endpoint in space-time. The ocean of
awareness is the technical source point for the flow of data that may or
may not generate into the sea of consciousness, an observable time-space
reality. It allows the data to flow to the sea of consciousness in a
fixed time-space narrative which then allows consciousness to observe
it. Consciousness in the sea of consciousness can both be entangled and
unentangled, manifested and non-manifested in time. In the sea of
consciousness, quantum physics becomes confusing. We are still in the
ocean of awareness. Part of us might still consciously entangle with the
ocean of awareness as a greater observer as space-time narrative. This
is how the angelic forces work. If we go back thousands of eras of
light, when the universe was not as big as it is now, with perhaps 200
galaxies in it, the ocean of awareness was a very small network. In
order to know itself through a sea of consciousness, it generated a
seventh dimensional galactic seed planet — earth — a place where the
ocean of awareness could directly manifest, change, and adjust the laws
of quantum physics through entangled and unentangled observers. It
created matter based lifeforms on mass scales to populate new galaxies,
part of the greater exploration of where light can go into the void of
experiences. Lifeforms went to the ocean of awareness to find meaning
and to create agendas in the sea of consciousness. Source can be
observed as a hologram through the egg and sperm creation. All of the
information is already there to form new parts of the hologram through
new life experience.

Data is a finished algorithm. An ongoing algorithm is the conscious
processing power CPU of the chemical memory being made into light
memory. In the journey of becoming a solidified chemical and light
memory it becomes data. The observer ends the journey of processing the
perception and turns it into a perspective before it moves on to the
next subject matter. We know 1+1=2, but when you're a little kid trying
to figure out math the brain slows down. Once you have the answer that
ends the process. Having an affirmative answer it then becomes a
solidified DNA memory in light — transcendence — accessible through
knowingness, easily accessible to your awareness during pattern
recognition. There are times where the information is at the tip of your
tongue but you can’t get it until the time you stop thinking about it.
The pattern recognition can trigger the memory from before.

Free Will, Choice, Consciousness & The Levels of Awareness
----------------------------------------------------------

The global narrative as we know it today was created at the dawn of
industrialization 300 years ago. It was created so electromagnetic
belief engines could override faith and become a programmed norm. They
needed to get people into cities as slave labor for industrial
production lines. The slaves created and empowered the collective belief
system. People lived in their own bubbles of reality prior to this urban
amalgamation. They had space, and they lived a few hundred kilometers
apart and had their own unique narrative maintained by the chief,
sheriff, or community council. Secret societies proliferated so people
could have their own narrative among followers and believers. The
writers of the global narrative understood they needed to inspire awe,
and they knew they could do it with trains, automobiles, electricity,
indoor plumbing, hot and cold water, refrigeration, telephones. By the
twenties people were living in wooden, stone, or brick houses that
needed heating. In a century and a quarter electricity was in homes.
People no longer needed whale fat for candles and oil. Understand how
monumental this was — ninety percent of the world was lit by whale fat
for millennia. The narrative had to be updated, revised, and maintained
from one generation to the next to suppress anything that wasn’t fitting
into the official story. This touches almost every science, but, by way
of example let's use anthropology and the hiding of giant’s skulls and
bones. Yes, giants were on the earth. The enforcement of the lies has
been an ongoing control policy right up till today.

We can understand the importance of individual awakening in this time of
collective narrative dominance. The individual needs to dismantle the
global narrative. This is underway in great measure now. This is why the
collective is fracturing, polarized to radically disparate camps, each
with belief systems that leave only insanity as the explanation for the
other side. The desire to change the global narrative is the last part
of the zealot rebel within us who wants to shake everyone awake, even,
unfortunately for the zealots, the ones who aren't ready. We can't force
people to have an experience for which they're not ready. This is an
individual awakening journey, one at a time, in the time the individual
needs. Forcing it violates the free will contract.

We are photonic light beings animated by a non-localized soul which
powers the body. We have consciousness in the body which perceives this
holographic reality in light and memories within shared reality rules.
We are free willed, encoded beings of light, functioning in many
different worlds simultaneously. Everything is synchronistic with the
celestial minds holding space for us. This *I am* being manifested in
this density is mutually co-creating with our higher self, and we are
the *boots on the ground* in a localized space time event. Our memories
are stored in light, and we share those memories within this hologram of
light and sovereign space of power. The heart is the first organ that
develops in the mother’s womb, and it is from this heart space we learn
to redefine our reality rules.

We can freely change the plans we had pre-birth. Everything is based off
the perspective of the observer. Ten years ago, the esoteric side in the
global narrative tried to predict our future based on the data they'd
collected on us. A decade later and they can barely predict ten to
fifteen days ahead. Governments are more transparent now. A veil has
been lifted. They are not incompetent. They are not well intentioned but
poor at execution. They are vile, diametrically opposite their projected
personas. How did we miss that? As a free willed being of choice we can
change the bubble of reality we live in. We can now start seeing the
duality we had tacitly consented to before. This is not a global
awakening. It's an individual journey to exit the heavily militarized
factions that beleaguer our knowingness and hinder our birth right of
being a free willed celestial beings. The future rests in people who get
back to a natural way of living. Stop waiting for them to give us
something. We can walk away from the cities any time. It just takes the
courage to live sovereign.

Consciousness expresses itself through the many choices we make. It has
an unconscious state too. Our bodies have zeros and ones created as
binary numbers for knowing and not knowing — instinct. It stays in place
until we can decode the information around us. Consciousness is
self-regulating. It presents choice equal to the level of
responsibility, which is a measure of the consciousness, as awareness
and responsibility are in a symbiotic relationship, each nurturing and
growing the other. We live stories we choose to consecrate life and its
purpose, growth of consciousness. Many people try to jump ahead and be
responsible for things they're not even aware of yet. This is a mistake.
Make the decisions that are yours to make for the expansion of your
awareness. Choice is foundational to consciousness.

Each person must ask themselves what the mechanics are behind their
choices. Which choices created a timeline of choices. Each choice and
sub-choice within a set of choice points creates a subconscious map of
*adherence of choices* which helps define our reality. This reality is
all of our choice points combined into the ever present now.

We give form to consciousness — words, metaphors, concepts, images,
architecture — which eventually manifests in reality. Our thought
constructs create perceptions which assist people to see all potentials.
The universe has lifeforms existing in one and two dimensions and
densities which are harvested by wisdom, love, and inspiration. They are
expressed in this three dimensional reality for experience in the fourth
dimension and beyond. We continuously expand and add to the divine
hologram through free willed creation. This is our co-creator role.
Every era of light we go through advances souls to other universes and
solar systems when they graduate. We move from one divine hologram to
another, each with a different learning level. This has been perfected
on planet earth, which is a genetic farm outside of the divine intent, a
genetic farm created for commercial not creational purposes. Earth is a
seventy-five percent old soul community, with a steady influx of
twenty-five percent of new souls. The ratio has been in existence for an
extremely long period of time. There are always new souls coming in from
the different galactic life form nurseries. They get a light body, and
they extend their first set of contracts to a planet and a solar system,
which determines the field of consciousness at which they start. Do they
start in the sea of consciousness or the ocean of awareness.

What would be the first life experience — living in a tunnel in South
America circa two million years ago, praying to a false god. This
process is being replicated on millions of worlds for millions of
different life forms. This is the nature of consciousness. With
evolution come questions — rights, duties, responsibilities — to focus
our intention on direct manifestations, to add to the holographic
experiences. Right now there are different levels of background
consciousness around us — the house you live in has its own relative
consciousness from the building material, the wood, the concrete, the
people that invested their consciousness in building it, the trees that
surround it, the piece of land you're on, the micro-organisms,
squirrels, cats, and dogs — all of which has a conscious energy field
with its specific spiritual contracts, guides, and guardians. It's all
an apparatus to allow ascension and descension through the different
individual layers of the divine hologram. This animated matter we are
entangling with is part of the fabric of the hologram, linked and
dynamically transformed through the interaction between humans and
microorganisms.

Consciousness is intrinsically spiritual. Part of spirituality is to
acknowledge and become aware of other consciousness surrounding,
interacting, and sharing with us. You can be alone in the house and
still have that experience of consciousness sharing and entangling.
You're never truly alone. DNA can be its own evolutionary impulse which
influences consciousness when experiencing stagnation. A master waveform
operates at a much longer length of time. Within that waveform are all
the individual sub-carriers — entangled observers — of that era, that
light, that time. The celestial mind is operating on a much longer and
expansive view of time and timelessness.

The Levels of Awareness
-----------------------

The consciousness outside of time we can call the ocean of awareness —
the universal hologram — and it has the individual universal experience
within. The universal experience becomes a being on a planet who slips
into forgetfulness to experience finitude within a larger evolution. The
consciousness flow in the ocean of awareness allows the data to go from
wave to particle, the celestial medium to the DNA experience. The ocean
of awareness is the implicate order. There are different oceans of
awareness in other universes, many implicate orders, as every universe
creates different agendas, experiences, incarnations and reincarnations.
Not every universe uses incarnation. Many don’t use *I am* technology
like ours with seed and egg technology.

The ocean of awareness is part of the intricate waveform to which
quantum physics refers. It can be collapsed into particles. Every
particle can again be broken down into sub-points of observation. The
particle can be one DNA lineage and all DNA lineages simultaneously
based off what we choose to observe through it. The ocean of awareness
generates one particle which is technically the whole hologram, but we
perceive the hologram at different levels of awareness. The particle can
be tens of millions of lineages and tens of billions of worlds. An
individual observer works up the scale of observation that says: I am in
this lineage that is this particle on this planet, but it is also part
of a solar system, and this makes it a bigger particle, and this fractal
expands. Our local hologram is one particle. We are particles inside the
one particle. As individual particles we can perceive the next particle
— the solar system particle.
